
--- SOURCE: https://www.actualized.org/articles/is-actualized-a-cult ---
Answering common doubts and confusions about Actualized.org teachings
But Leo, can you give an update on how your 14 day fast went?
Thanks for the clarification on cultism. As a former cult member that has done the work of extracting myself from the “molasses of indoctrination,” I can attest to the correctness of the perspective you present because it is verified by my experience. One of the truth tests that I often use to challenge those who have yet to arrive at a the “meta” level is to simply state the obvious and see how others process the information. There is no ownership attached to the statements of my opinion. My descriptive words are the same as yours, and many others who have come to the same conclusions, but that unified opinion does not make us all members of the same cult.
I just wanted to say anyone that thinks this is a cult is insane themselves there not a cult he’s not a cult leader if you still don’t believe it go and study psychology and learn how cult leaders intrap there fallowing look up gaslighting this man is not gaslighting you which is how all cult leaders dictators gets there flock and how Narcissist Psychopaths and Sociopaths get there victims to abuse mentally and physically and emotionally gaslighting is a brainwashing technic which gets you to doubt your own reality and question yourself and your decision making he’s not doing anything like this he’s teaching you get rid of negative energy and invite positive energy into your life and when that happens great thingw you could never imagine happens so he’s right the trolls your a lost cause and the people claiming he’s a cult your just part of the negitive energy flowing through your life ave anyone’s life who’s trying to change it so I suggest you learn to and invite Great things into your life trust me you will be happy you did.
I just wanted to say anyone that thinks this is a cult is insane themselves there not a cult he’s not a cult leader if you still don’t believe it go and study psychology and learn how cult leaders intrap there following look up gaslighting this man is not gaslighting you which is how all cult leaders dictators gets there flock and how Narcissist Psychopaths and Sociopaths get there victims to abuse mentally and physically and emotionally gaslighting is a brainwashing technic which gets you to doubt your own reality and question yourself and your decision making he’s not doing anything like this he’s teaching you get rid of negative energy and invite positive energy into your life and when that happens great thingw you could never imagine happens so he’s right the trolls your a lost cause and the people claiming he’s a cult your just part of the negitive energy flowing through your life ave anyone’s life who’s trying to change it so I suggest you learn to and invite Great things into your life trust me you will be happy you did.
I don’t understand the truth of this teaching, it all boils down to the death of my beliefs, not my own death. It’s not a death cult, it’s ultraskepticism, the irony is the amount of beliefs he has is over 20 beliefs, I probably have 11 beliefs because subconsciously I disbelieve in 13. If I get rid of such a superstition I’ll have 10 beliefs. You shouldn’t believe in more than 10 things, that’s a few things to believe in, Leo can’t function without his many philosophies, religion like mysticism, spirituality and religion has the likelihood of hypocrites. The nonsense Leo talks about makes perfect sense, reality’s not physical, science isn’t all to reality, and then I have to accept this old wive’s tale gibberish to be green and blue value systems like Leo (he thinks he’s yellow but he’s stage green).
Max, I’m going to dare to say it now, you should be selfish, it shouldn’t be about other people. No more confusion, you know you’re not some fool to fall prey to a non-believing universe, the majority of us are Christians. It’s dangerous to “jailbreak” your mind, why should I when I’m displeased at inequality in the distribution of resources and in power and status?
It’s a classic manipulative tactic to try to force people like us on Actualized.org to change our specific beliefs and lifestyles by threatening suicide over it. Think of how manipulative it would be if a lover threatened suicide if you tried to break up with them. If that was the case, it would be better to call emergency services then. I am not saying that having suicidal thoughts alone is manipulative in of itself. Suicidal thoughts are a very real and serious problem in society, but it is because people like this give it a bad name by threatening people to do what they want by threatening suicide like this. It’s the harshest form of trying to make a person guilty, and it’s a very, very toxic thing like this. Because of people like this, there is a very wrong understanding in society that those who talk about suicide are just trying to seek attention.
You cannot just approach random people on the internet to cure you of these thoughts when we’re not psychiatric experts and we never claimed we were. We are not responsible of random strangers on the internet who never even talked to us before suddenly threatening suicide over the first day we met for not obeying all their desires of what they want us to do. That’s a very creepy thing to do. Imagine if this was a romantic situation. That a stranger just private messaged you, and told you he or she will kill himself or herself if you do not marry them immediately. That’s very, very, very creepy. I’d call the police at that point if that happened to me.
The nature of a cult is that you are not being forced to join, to stay and that there are very little to no consequences when you leave. You don’t get threatened to be killed or anything like that when you leave. If you don’t understand that, then it’s worth to look up the experiences of real cult members when they try to leave a cult, and how all their supposed family and friends start abandoning them. We don’t care if you leave or not. We never trapped you in a jail or something. We aren’t like certain cults who gather information about you to blackmail others so you would lose a job and be unable to employ yourself anymore, or anything like that. If you don’t find this place helpful, just leave. It’s okay. No one will judge you if you do that.
Though the fact that some stick around to call this place a cult means that they want to change others by force, not just get to decide what they want to do. That’s why people get obsessed in staying here instead of leaving, then they do very desperate creepy things like threatening suicide if you don’t change your major beliefs in life.
Lastly, if you call this place a cult because you think all religious or spiritual circles are a cult, that there is no distinguishing difference between them, I won’t even argue. It’s okay. If you think all religious or spiritual views are hogwash, all the respect to you. Just don’t try to force atheism down our throats the way religious people force religion down people’s throats. It’s hypocritical. Especially don’t threaten suicide over these things if we don’t even know you either. Eugh.
Of this teaching of as to whether or not this is a cult, it goes on for 2 hours & 48 minutes about this. Well as for things around this, it goes on & on that it’s probably not a cult, yes, as this is the case of it talking about itself both not being a cult and it being radical, yes, and on and on this is rubbish, so I’m not watching this shit.


--- SOURCE: https://www.reddit.com/r/awakened/comments/ejhz6m/is_this_guy_from_actualizedorg_legit/ ---
Came across this guy on YouTube telling me in videos that I am God, what's everyone's opinions in his content, legit teacher or another YouTube grifter trying to build a cult and make money?
I agree with a lot of what he says. Tbh if money was his primary motivator he would focus on selling his $250 courses instead of making free 2 hour videos on niche subjects.
Youtube pays for his views. It can add up. The more videos he makes, the more views he gets. People are making millions of dollars off of youtube and others are living lives travelling around the world posting their VLOGs. I'm not saying he's doing it for money, but producing just one more video on youtube can make a lot of money and account for a lot more money than online sales.
His awakenings haven't matured. He lacks a great deal of understanding that comes with time and experience. He believes he's a legit teacher, but his teachings are very superficial. He still has a lot to learn. He's seen a lot but hasn't seen deeply. That makes his teachings shallow. He still needs to get over himself (IMHO at least).
I followed him in 2016 and thought he was a man of great understanding. These days I can see where he's coming from. But I disagree with him as soon as he stops talking about consciousness.
I think Leo believes what he talks about and isn't motivated primarily by money.
We all have our own truths at the end of it all, it's subjective. Some of his videos offer interesting perspectives to reflect on that I wouldn't have thought about on my own.
Szerintem csak 1 valóság létezik és az a kérdés, hogy te mennyire vagy kitéve a saját szubjektivitásodnak. Korunk egyik legkiemelkedőbb fizikusa Sean Carroll úgy magyarázza,, hogy az univerzum egyetlen kvantum állapot. David lynch meg úgy, hogy van ez az unified field. Leo ezt isten néven emlegeti.
Yeah, watch his 2 ”understanding survival” episodes Also ”understanding impermanence” And ”the power of asking a question” I think, you’ll enjoy them
He's really into calling out bullshit, which can be quite helpful if it resonates with you. He's often quite emphatic in his expression. He's got quite a lot of content, so some of it can be hard to understand if you're missing prerequisite understanding. It's cool to see how he's grown over the years. He's very much about testing the waters and learning from his own experience, using any methods available to explore, and not relying on tradition or following. His recent video on Self Love is really great. He will also remind you constantly not to believe what he or anyone says, but to go experience it first hand. I dig it.
I think Leo is an extraordinary thinker when it comes to topics of enlightenment, awakening, and religious/spiritual thought. He's pulling together information about non-duality and has synthesized the wisdom of the world's religious and spiritual teachings in a really interesting way that no one's really ever done before.
However, I notice that gives him the belief that he's an advanced thinker on any topic he brings his awareness to bear on. See his series on Conscious Politics, despite him talking about it for 8 hours in those videos, he betrays a rather naive view of politics. Yes, he's bringing an awakened perspective to the subject, but expertise on meditation and non-duality does not make one a political scientist.
Overall, he seems genuine, but as he says often, don't take his word for it. I think the value of Leo's videos is that he shows his work as he's gone on this journey the past few years, and if you let it, it can be a big inspiration for you to develop yourself and your critical thinking abilities and awareness. I found his work quite inspiring to help me make a change and trust myself and my intelligence.
Also: the Actualized.org forums are a good resource for more discussion on consciousness topics.
Relatively speaking, he hasn't gotten it yet.
Do you think he is a case of "blind leadinf the blind"? He advises ppl to take psychedelics in order to become enlightened. Every video he makes is a documentation of him reaching a "new level of enlightenment". He almost made me go insane back when I was following him
Thinking that one is God leads to various behavioral disorders including solipsism, arrogance, laziness, and irresponsibility for one's actions. If Leo Gura's purpose is to develop people, he is doing the opposite. He often reveals that he intends to destroy ego. He tries to destroy ego, but he doesn't actually replace lower ego self with higher self.
After he destroys your ego, he just drags you around through bullshit videos over and over and over. He is trying to make you lazy.
He is a new ager. New age is just a load of crap designed to keep people lazy.
A lot of his videos are long and ineffective. Your time is better spent on directly developing minimalism and discipline and responsibility.
He drags us down with a bunch of bullshit that sounds good but actually delays your development. The more you associate with Leo Gura, the more time you waste.
There may still be some value in some of his videos on specific narrow practical topics. But, don't listen to his metaphysical videos for too long.
He also repeatedly wrote on his actualized.org forum that he is not interested in helping others. Actualized.org is just a fun hobby that makes money for him.
Additionally, if you pay attention to actualized.org forum for long enough, he will start to be a shill for feminism. He and some of his forum moderators are shills for feminism. They often say men oppress women without knowing it, and it's incredibly difficult for masters(men) to know that they are oppressing slaves(women). I know that there are gray issues, but at some point, we know what obviously is or isn't slavery. They often conflate harmless crass behaviors with slavery. They conflate violence in games with real-world violence in order to justify censorship. They don't see boundary between good and evil. They conflate regrettable sex or expression of sexual desire with rape. They encourage showing empathy toward war criminals(the ultimate bad guys), yet they conflate harmless sexual expression with rape. He says there is very little difference between war criminals and an average person like you. They have hidden agendas.
Their version of non-duality is fucked up. At some point, it became obvious that they are leftist and statist ideologues who use non-duality to advance their hidden agendas and advance censorship in all media outlets.
He is also a hypocrite. He doesn't embody what he says in his videos. He advocates radical open-mindedness in one of his videos where he encourages entertaining any absurd idea with some patience, yet he immediately cracks down on any conspiracy theory on his actualized.org forum. In particular, he shuts down any discussions about David Icke and Alex Jones. I'm pretty sure that he doesn't advocate open-mindedness now.
After following Leo Gura for months, I couldn't take him seriously anymore.
To know what the hell is going on, I recommend watching some videos made by David Icke and Alex Jones and Tom Montalk. Those are people who Leo Gura doesn't want you to know about. If you don't do the research yourself, you will always be kept in the dark.
A new age duma rettenetes... több ezer éves filozófiai kérdéseket ötvözni korunk gondolkodásmódjával nem újhullámos dolog.
I believe anything can teach... watching children play can teach.. i thunj it's really up to the one watching to use it as an opportunity to learn.
That being said, I've not learned much while watching the content of that YouTube channel. It sounds like all the same stuff you hear listening to anything else about these topics.
I find his delivery style to be condescending and harsh, so I asked youtube to not recommend his channel. I have no other opinions on him.
From my point of view, Leo has put into his videos the entire gambit from the start of seeking to some pretty profound realizations.
No one is ever 'done', but he's pretty far along.
No we aren't. Leo is a figment of his imagination.
Leo ultra veszélyes az olyanokra, akik vallásos megrögződéssel követik őt. A tudományokról néha igencsak helytelen dolgokat állít és hát szóval oda kell figyelni magunkra. Ha abból indulsz ki, hogy meg akarsz érteni a tiédtől eltérő gondolkodásmódokat, akkor arany.Ha finomított verzió neked inkább kedvező, akkor a Kern Ottót ajánlom.
Reddit reReddit: Top posts of January 3, 2020
Reddit reReddit: Top posts of January 2020


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pecdXcIu1ZQ ---
Quantum Mysticism is Stupid (Deepak Chopra, Spirit Science, Actualized.org)
Elon Musk: A Different Conversation w/ Nikhil Kamath | Full Episode | People by WTF Ep. 16
Reality Of '19 Min Viral Video Link' That India Is Searching For | Shame On Who? | Akash Banerjee
Chris Langan: The Dumbest “Smartest Man” in the World
RANVEER SINGH 'Almost' DESTROYED His OWN Career!
ChatGPT in a real robot does what experts warned.
The Liberating Power Of Conscious Attention, from Tara Brach (Part 1)
Attractive Face or Not? It depends on Tongue Posture
THE KAPOOR FAMILY EXPOSED! | Netflix India
Understanding Survival - Part 1 - The Metaphysics Of Being Human
Joe Rogan Experience #2422 - Jensen Huang
Why does sex play such an important part in life? | J. Krishnamurti
Ethiopia Volcano is a WARNING! | Africa is Splitting Up | Dhruv Rathee
What Forced Modi Govt's U-Turn On Sanchar Saathi? | Pegasus Like App On Our Phones? | Akash Banerjee


--- SOURCE: https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/actualized-org-bias/ ---
Actualized.org is a website that publishes content related to self-actualization, self-improvement, personal development, and spirituality. According to their about page, the website is about “REAL, results-driven personal development without fluff, bullshit, or hype.” Leo Gura launched Actualized.org in 2013, describing himself as a “YouTuber, Philosopher, Speaker, Psychonaut, Mystic.” The website’s About page also promotes Gura’s Ultimate Life Purpose Course, “Want to master your life? Check out my Ultimate Life Purpose Course, which shows you the most important principles I used to create my own success.” Read our profile on the United States media and government. Funded by / Ownership Leo Gura owns Actualized.org. The website generates revenue through various sources, including advertising, affiliate marketing, donations, and the sale of online courses and coaching sessions. As of this date, for one-on-one coaching sessions, he charges clients $2,640 for three months, and for access to exclusive content on his website, such as videos, he charges $249, as stated at the bottom of this page. Analysis / Bias Most of Actualized.org’s articles focus on personal development and self-help; however, some have criticized the website for promoting pseudoscientific ideas. Leo Gura is the founder and administrator of Actualized.org, which includes a forum. In his forum, Leo Gura discusses Alpha and theta brainwave frequencies for meditation “You have to train your mind to sync the peaks of alpha and theta, which requires an EEG machine, which is too complicated to go into here. Theta beats are good for purifying trauma and shadow work.” The scientific community generally does not accept some of Leo Gura’s claims about the brain and neuroscience. Some may even be considered pseudoscientific or misleading. For example, he has promoted using psychedelic drugs to promote enlightenment. While studies have shown that Psychedelic drugs may have therapeutic benefits, they must be prescribed by a licensed Doctor in a clinical setting. While Leo Gura’s website mainly emphasizes self-help, he also has YouTube videos presenting himself as non-partisan and critiquing the political left. For example, he discusses his beliefs about the political left in a video titled “When Does The Left Go Too Far?” In another video, he criticizes the political right, “Understanding The Liberal Mind.” In general, Actualized.org is a pseudoscience website that advocates questionable methods for self-help and encourages psychedelic drug use. Failed Fact Checks None by a third party. Overall, we rate Actualized.org as a pseudoscience website based on promoting unproven and questionable methods for self-help and treating depression. Additionally, Leo Gura’s controversial reputation may raise questions about the credibility of the website’s advice and recommendations. (D. Van Zandt 03/11/2025) Updated (09/16/2025) Source: https://actualized.org/ Last Updated on September 16, 2025 by Media Bias Fact Check Do you appreciate our work? Please consider one of the following ways to sustain us. MBFC Ad-Free or MBFC Donation Left vs. Right Bias: How we rate the bias of media sources Found this insightful? Please consider sharing on your Social Media:FacebookXThreadsBlueskyRedditMastodonLinkedInWhatsAppEmailShare Explore Similar Sources: PutinTrump.org – Bias and Credibility CounterCurrents.org – Bias and Credibility MartinLutherKing.org – Bias and Credibility Got Questions (gotquestions.org) – Bias and Credibility CrossExamined.org – Bias and Credibility
Actualized.org is a website that publishes content related to self-actualization, self-improvement, personal development, and spirituality. According to their about page, the website is about “REAL, results-driven personal development without fluff, bullshit, or hype.”
Leo Gura launched Actualized.org in 2013, describing himself as a “YouTuber, Philosopher, Speaker, Psychonaut, Mystic.” The website’s About page also promotes Gura’s Ultimate Life Purpose Course, “Want to master your life? Check out my Ultimate Life Purpose Course, which shows you the most important principles I used to create my own success.”
Read our profile on the United States media and government.
Leo Gura owns Actualized.org. The website generates revenue through various sources, including advertising, affiliate marketing, donations, and the sale of online courses and coaching sessions. As of this date, for one-on-one coaching sessions, he charges clients $2,640 for three months, and for access to exclusive content on his website, such as videos, he charges $249, as stated at the bottom of this page.
Most of Actualized.org’s articles focus on personal development and self-help; however, some have criticized the website for promoting pseudoscientific ideas. Leo Gura is the founder and administrator of Actualized.org, which includes a forum. In his forum, Leo Gura discusses Alpha and theta brainwave frequencies for meditation
“You have to train your mind to sync the peaks of alpha and theta, which requires an EEG machine, which is too complicated to go into here. Theta beats are good for purifying trauma and shadow work.”
The scientific community generally does not accept some of Leo Gura’s claims about the brain and neuroscience. Some may even be considered pseudoscientific or misleading. For example, he has promoted using psychedelic drugs to promote enlightenment. While studies have shown that Psychedelic drugs may have therapeutic benefits, they must be prescribed by a licensed Doctor in a clinical setting.
While Leo Gura’s website mainly emphasizes self-help, he also has YouTube videos presenting himself as non-partisan and critiquing the political left. For example, he discusses his beliefs about the political left in a video titled “When Does The Left Go Too Far?” In another video, he criticizes the political right, “Understanding The Liberal Mind.”
In general, Actualized.org is a pseudoscience website that advocates questionable methods for self-help and encourages psychedelic drug use.
Overall, we rate Actualized.org as a pseudoscience website based on promoting unproven and questionable methods for self-help and treating depression. Additionally, Leo Gura’s controversial reputation may raise questions about the credibility of the website’s advice and recommendations. (D. Van Zandt 03/11/2025) Updated (09/16/2025)
Last Updated on September 16, 2025 by Media Bias Fact Check
Do you appreciate our work? Please consider one of the following ways to sustain us.
Left vs. Right Bias: How we rate the bias of media sources
CounterCurrents.org – Bias and Credibility
MartinLutherKing.org – Bias and Credibility
Got Questions (gotquestions.org) – Bias and Credibility
Add Media Bias/Fact Check to your Homescreen!
Support our mission - ad-free browsing & exclusive content. If you value our work, consider becoming a member.
*Ad-Free Memberships Starting at $3*Donations do not remove ads

