
--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/@harkirat1 ---
These 3 Differences Decide Your Placement
The Most Underrated Niche Competing with AI
Creating a trading bot in 5 hours like N8N
Is DSA Still Important in 2025-26 + ICPC Problems Solved
The System Design Every Developer Should Know (Super 30 Class)
High Paying Technologies I Am Learning In 2023
I coded Zerodha's Trading Algorithm in 1 hour
I coded Chess.com clone in 4 hours (Beginner Friendly)
Code along - I built Vercel in 4 Hours (System Design, AWS, Redis, S3)
Rust Tutorial for Beginners - Full Course (With Notes and Project Ideas)
Complete Redis, Websockets, Pub Subs and Message queues Bootcamp
Tools that make you more productive as a Software Developer
Complete Web3 Bootcamp - Learning ETH smart contracts
Open Source Bootcamp - Complete Docker and Devops Roadmap - Part 2
Open Source Bootcamp - Complete Docker and Devops Roadmap - Part 1
GSoc 2024: How to make open source contributions? | Google Summer of Code
Google Summer of Code: Making @SinghinUSA 's first OPEN SOURCE contribution
GSoc 2023: How to make open source contributions? | Google Summer of Code
GSOC 2024 Complete Roadmap: Step by Step Guide
They Cracked GSOC 2023 By Doing This... (Secret Revealed)
Gsoc 2024 Complete Roadmap: Start Now or Regret Later!
Complete Remote Job Primer - How to apply for jobs and Live Open source contribution
How to master WEB3 in 2024 (Complete Roadmap and Syllabus)
How to get a High Paying Job in Web3 as a Developer
How To Master React In 2024 (Complete Roadmap)
Step By Step Roadmap To Get A Remote Software Developer Job In 2024
My 10 years of Coding Secret Revealed in 17 minutes
Lessons I Regret not knowing as a Software Engineer in My 20s
How Senior Developers ACTUALLY Write Code!
8 Habits of Highly Productive Programmers
This is Why You Are Not Growing As A Software Developer (How To Fix It)
How I got a High Paying Remote Job through Open Source Contribution
Coding a Decentralised Exchange in Node.js + Express - Livestream cuts #1
I built a WEB3 SAAS in 6 hours (S3, Nextjs, Solana, Web3.js)
How I earned 35 Lakhs in 1 month as a Remote Software Developer
IITian Reveals PROVEN Ways to Make Money Using Coding
How I earned 40 Lakhs in 3 Months as a Freelance Software Developer
I Hosted a Quiz with Superteam for Software Devlopers | Banglore 2024
Get ahead of 99% of Software Engineers | Bangalore Meetup 2024
I Hosted 200+ Aspiring Software Developers In Mumbai | Mumbai Meetup 2024


--- SOURCE: https://www.reddit.com/r/developersIndia/comments/155eu3a/is_harkirat_singh_valid/ ---
A wholesome community made by & for software & tech folks in India. Have a doubt? Ask it out.
So I came across this tech Youtuber Harkirat singh and found his content appealing. I mean it was informational and hopeful too. Even though his 4cr package video was clickbait (since it included stocks and other element) , I still found his content to be good. Since I am a fresher and new to watching the influencer developers sorta type scene I'd like the opinions of some people who know stuff here.
Here's the thing, I have been trying to find remote jobs but was confident after harkirat videos. But the reality is it's hard to apply for abroad jobs if you aren't a great contributor. Luck plays an important role. I applied to 65 foreign companies but got only 1 call back. I believe I don't have a bad resume but it's not great either and I have 3YOE.
So chances of getting a call back from remote company is around ~1/65 or 1.538%.
It is important you need to understand that all you need is right company at right time with pinch of luck along with hardwork is required.
Take Harkirat's videos with pich of salt. And let's not forget he also has IIT tag which has global recognition which might have had helped him.
And it's important to understand recession has hit industry and it will take some time to recover.
I don’t agree with the IIT tag pull, I’ve worked remotely and moved to EU with a Tier-3 college education. When I applied for a remote job(with 2-3 YoE), I took a month off only to apply to 150-180 companies and got 24 callbacks in a good market that was starting to settle into remote work(pre-COVID 2nd wave) and got 4 offers.
In the current market, a sliver is hiring, and even a tinier sliver is hiring global remote. It is difficult, and idk Harkiran, but his advice maybe contextual. I wouldn’t treat it as “if he can do it, I can too”, i personally would be mindful of when the hiring happens, previous experience(if you have worked in an int’l team, it’s a huge positive) and skills with an alignment in the direction of the employer.
EDIT: added “pull” in front of the IIT Tag since I agree that there’s a pull in general, but I don’t agree that it’s as valid here based on my personal experience.
i agree with that IIT point. That surely mustve helped him a lot. Plus being a fresher, it becomes hard to understand how tf do i even start contributing 😐 its kind of confusing to understand for now.
IIT tags work globally now? That's both good and bad news then. They can literally ask a lot of salary and recruiters might still oblige, wow. Any idea if an M.Tech from IIT carries the same weight? Or is it better to upskill and focus on gaining developer experience instead of gambling with precious years? Please advise.
I am just saying that a tag provides advantage above other Indian candidates if you don't have a strong profile. And yes, people outside India know about IIT.
But if you ask me whether to crunch or go for mtech, I would still crunch and learn by experience rather than degree. This is just a personal opinion.
If I was making 4 cr I wouldn’t be selling courses
having a distribution , an audience is a bigger leverage then tech
i agree xD id just make them free. it would just be like a side mission tbh
Anyone who feeds on the clickbaity thing 4Cr, 5Cr, 10Cr that makes the freshers Greedy is not worthy following
These people dont even have industry experience of 2 years, crack a company because IIT, JEE and DSA and our kids lick their butts
I think a majority of freshers in the coming years are gonna be jobless and depressed, the sheer amount of influx of people into IT is crazy
They are just selling shovels in a goldrush, How do they even get time for this lol, all this video editing, recording among all the feature development, improving, understanding the codebase as a new joinee
I don't know. I am a fresher too. Seniors do you think any startup would offer $500k for remote work ? I mean if they are paying that much, wouldn't they hire some local talented guy over some guy in India ?
Also, I don't know what kind of tech he knows so well that recruiters are having a hard time finding local talent for. I mean even google L5s struggle making $500k. This guy was in Goldman Sachs for 2 years and then out of nowhere started making $100k freelancing. He freelanced a whole year or two and just negotiated his way from $100k to $500k?!?!?! I don't know if this happens or not but the whole thing kind of looks shady for me tbh. Also, I have a very negative opinion of online world. All kinds of grifters and snake oil salesmen out there. PS- I am a fresher too amd I am not confident about my opinions so take it with a grain of salt
Not sure how true his package is but he did mention that after Goldman Sachs, he didn't freelance, but was offered a remote role of developer for 70k yearly and he was offered that just because the certain company was looking for a developer who knew a library which he happened to know.
He mentioned that he stayed in the same company for few years working remotely and got promoted to lead of the backend team.
So it's not exactly freelance work, it's a contract based work
Stop watching these influencer videos, instead pick an in-depth course/book which aligns to your tech stack preference.
I dont learn from these influencers tbh xD thats just pure entertainment and a bit of information.
I think he is legit. He does not run ads in his videos. He did give proof for his 4 cr package. I think the way he got his job, very very few people can get it. I don't think IIT tag made any contribution in getting his job. It was all open source contribution
However, I don't find his videos interesting.
If you focus on "I make so many crores and live in Dubai" it's very appealing. Otherwise I don't find his videos worth it. He just talks and talks and talks.
Who cares how much crores does he make actually, can someone, who actually have seen his videos, confirm that if it's easy as he makes it to be?
This whole subreddit makes me fee like you won't get a job even if you work hard and know all the topics listed in the job requirement.
I've just joined a bootcamp where there is no curriculum or teacher of sorts, you have to learn on your own and complete the weekly tasks and get reviewed by some working professionals. I was having huge hopes, as I was pacing very well learning full stack.
But going through this subreddit makes me scared for my future. All you have the profiles that I aspire to have, yet you're not landing a job that you hope for.
Can someone who have worked for a while give some insights about the market. Can I get a decent job if I learn full stack like MERN and do some projects on it?
I found Harkirat's channel very interesting. I was thinking that I'll start doing open source as he said, and do projects he suggested and make it much more than that.
That channel gave me hope that if I tried accordingly, I would land a decen job as jr. Dev. So yeah, is that all lie and is the job market so tough?
The thing with these youtubers is that you have to realise not all the content is meant for you. Some of it is for getting traffic and views, some of it is motivation and a few of them are actually useful.
Had seen this video about making 5 projects (not beginner friendly), even though it was clickbaity you'll crack jobs but still the content and idea behind doing the projects was pretty cool.
yeah those streamyard projects, i think those projects really stand people out from average compalacent developers
If you start building projects you will find much less video tutorials, There is only Beginner content on YouTube mostly,
Bhaiya Didi has very little or no Real Working experience. they just grinded Leetcode to get into a company and leave or get removed and started selling courses and showing their royal life and became famous.
You will find very little real channels with deep tech and knowledge but they remain unpopular because the person who is so deep in tech has no time to make cringey and crap.
He's milking idiots who can't make out that Harkirat is duping them. Most of that fantasy 4cr package was in a shitcoin worth nothing now. He was fired from his job, which is why he "came back" to India. Now he's trying to fool people and sell his worthless courses to make a living.
Follow him if you want to make a living coning people
His video randomly popped up on my TV in youtube and was like wow and watched the video, Just adding the numbers which he put on the 4cr thing doesn’t make sense. Of the 500k offer which he mentioned 186k was base and 14k was bonus and 300k was stock options, 8l in hand and 5l taxes and 2 lakh pf =15lakh ~ 20k usd per month and 20k*12 =240k base. His math in the slide doesn’t make sense at all.
Reddit reReddit: Top posts of July 21, 2023


--- SOURCE: https://in.linkedin.com/in/kirat-li ---
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
Chandigarh, India Sign in to view Harkirat’s full profile Welcome back By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. 109K followers 500+ connections
View mutual connections with Harkirat Welcome back By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
Kirat Technologies ********** ****** * ****
******* ******** *********** ****** ******* ****** ** *****
******** *********** ****** ******* ****** ** *****
****** ********* ** *********** ******* ********* ******** ******* undefined 2014 - 2018
Structuring Machine Learning Projects Coursera Issued Feb 2020 Credential ID XX83ZXWRRQCT See credential
Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization Coursera Issued Feb 2020 Credential ID 3KHHBNPMSGDC See credential
Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization
Neural Networks and Deep Learning Coursera Issued Feb 2020 Credential ID EK5TJFLKLZK9 See credential
Winner, Microsoft Code.Fun.Do 2017 - Mar 2017 Built a virtual reality application that finished as the winner in Microsoft's campus hackathon
Built a virtual reality application that finished as the winner in Microsoft's campus hackathon
ACM ICPC, Amritapuri 2015 - Dec 2015 61st rank in ACM Amritapuri onsites 2015
Runner up, Microsoft Code.Fun.Do 2015 - Sep 2015 Built a media streamer to stream audio and Kinect data.
Built a media streamer to stream audio and Kinect data.
KVPY Scholar - Jul 2013 KVPY 2013 Scholar.
Software Development Section, IIT Roorkee Member Jan 2015 - Present
Software Development Section, IIT Roorkee
Cinematic Section, IIT Roorkee Joint Secretary May 2016 - May 2017
Programming and Algorithms Group, IIT Roorkee Coordinator May 2016 - May 2017
Programming and Algorithms Group, IIT Roorkee
Updesh Umrao Updesh Umrao Bangalore Urban Connect
Arpit Bharadwaj Arpit Bharadwaj India Connect
Chirag Gupta Chirag Gupta Sunnyvale, CA Connect
Nityash Agrawal Nityash Agrawal Indore Connect
Kunal Thapa Kunal Thapa Seattle, WA Connect
Ameya Salankar Ameya Salankar Hyderabad Connect
Sushobhana Patra Sushobhana Patra Hyderabad Connect
Inderjeet Chaudhary Inderjeet Chaudhary Nadbai Connect
Ishdutt Trivedi Ishdutt Trivedi Bengaluru Connect
Gayatri Srinivasan Gayatri Srinivasan Mumbai Connect
Nimish Jain Nimish Jain Delhi, India Connect
Shashwat Dhanuka Shashwat Dhanuka Gurugram Connect
Ankit Sridhar Ankit Sridhar India Connect
Keerthana Vidyasagar Keerthana Vidyasagar Bengaluru Connect
Pandravisam Shiva Santhosh Pandravisam Shiva Santhosh Hyderabad Connect
Ritika Bedhara Ritika Bedhara Mountain View, CA Connect
Krishnan Sunderarajan LOKA From a dream to beta: Elev8 is live. India's first self-developed full-body motion gaming platform is finally here. What started 16 months ago with just an idea, a whiteboard, and a burning curiosity… has now become something we truly believe feels like magic. We tried everything — IMU sensors, wearables, Nintendo Joycons, you name it. But our goal was clear: Make motion gaming accessible, magical, and available to everyone, everywhere. So, we built our own Camera Vision AI system — no controllers, no extra devices. Just you and the camera on your mobile, TV, or PC. This is our beta launch, and here’s what you can expect: - Powered by Vision AI for real-time, full-body motion tracking - Works on Android and Windows (iOS and Linux coming soon) - No controller needed — your body is your controller - 5 fun, self-developed games to get you moving - Coming soon: motion-based Yoga, Kickboxing, Math Quests, World Geography explorers, and more - Built for Fun. Fitness. Learning. We’re obsessed with seamless innovations like Kinect, Nintendo, VR headsets — but let’s face it, they’ve always been out of reach for most of us. So we built Elev8 to work on what you already have — your phone, laptop, or smart TV. Low bandwidth, high impact. Simple. There are only two other companies in the world doing what we’re doing — both based in the US. And just like Mangalyaan, we’ve reached orbit at a fraction of the cost and time. We're proud. We're grateful. And we're just getting started. We’d love for you to try it out and tell us how it makes you feel. 👉 https://www.elev8.games/ This is still a work in progress. We know that. And your feedback means everything to us. Lastly — none of this would’ve been possible without my amazing team: Dipendra kumar, Vishesh Gupta, Ayush Asrekar, and Prakhar Sharma — A huge pat on the back to my fellow warriors. Let’s move the world, one game at a time. #Elev8 #MotionGaming #MadeInIndia #AI #ComputerVision #GamingRevolution #Innovation #BetaLaunch 133 13 Comments
From a dream to beta: Elev8 is live. India's first self-developed full-body motion gaming platform is finally here. What started 16 months ago with just an idea, a whiteboard, and a burning curiosity… has now become something we truly believe feels like magic. We tried everything — IMU sensors, wearables, Nintendo Joycons, you name it. But our goal was clear: Make motion gaming accessible, magical, and available to everyone, everywhere. So, we built our own Camera Vision AI system — no controllers, no extra devices. Just you and the camera on your mobile, TV, or PC. This is our beta launch, and here’s what you can expect: - Powered by Vision AI for real-time, full-body motion tracking - Works on Android and Windows (iOS and Linux coming soon) - No controller needed — your body is your controller - 5 fun, self-developed games to get you moving - Coming soon: motion-based Yoga, Kickboxing, Math Quests, World Geography explorers, and more - Built for Fun. Fitness. Learning. We’re obsessed with seamless innovations like Kinect, Nintendo, VR headsets — but let’s face it, they’ve always been out of reach for most of us. So we built Elev8 to work on what you already have — your phone, laptop, or smart TV. Low bandwidth, high impact. Simple. There are only two other companies in the world doing what we’re doing — both based in the US. And just like Mangalyaan, we’ve reached orbit at a fraction of the cost and time. We're proud. We're grateful. And we're just getting started. We’d love for you to try it out and tell us how it makes you feel. 👉 https://www.elev8.games/ This is still a work in progress. We know that. And your feedback means everything to us. Lastly — none of this would’ve been possible without my amazing team: Dipendra kumar, Vishesh Gupta, Ayush Asrekar, and Prakhar Sharma — A huge pat on the back to my fellow warriors. Let’s move the world, one game at a time. #Elev8 #MotionGaming #MadeInIndia #AI #ComputerVision #GamingRevolution #Innovation #BetaLaunch
Varun Gupta GOBOULT I think Piyush Goyal’s statement is like wearing flip-flops to a marathon - extremely inadequate for the task at hand. At Startup Mahakumbh, he compared cookies to semiconductors. Or more accurately, India to China. And that’s where I think the problem is. Let’s look at the stark reality behind the headlines: → China’s per capita income is $12,600 vs India’s is $2,485 → China’s manufacturing contributes 26% to its GDP vs India contributes just 17% → China spends around 30x more on R&D than India So there’s a massive gap and no one wants to talk about how hard it is to close. When we started BOULT in 2017, there was noone manufacturing earphones in India, so I had to fly to China—again and again. 7.5 years down the line, today we assemble 99% of our products in India but still have to rely on China for many raw materials. So maybe it’s time to step out of our bubble and stop comparing India to China bcs we don't have to be another China. We need to focus on our own strengths, i.e. innovation, tech and more. One step at a time, we can start multiplying startups in aerospace, EV, ai & more, but that's a result of much higher consistent govt budgets in r&d, infrastructure, grants in higher education, and incentives for manufacturing. Agree? #india #growth #future 436 94 Comments
I think Piyush Goyal’s statement is like wearing flip-flops to a marathon - extremely inadequate for the task at hand. At Startup Mahakumbh, he compared cookies to semiconductors. Or more accurately, India to China. And that’s where I think the problem is. Let’s look at the stark reality behind the headlines: → China’s per capita income is $12,600 vs India’s is $2,485 → China’s manufacturing contributes 26% to its GDP vs India contributes just 17% → China spends around 30x more on R&D than India So there’s a massive gap and no one wants to talk about how hard it is to close. When we started BOULT in 2017, there was noone manufacturing earphones in India, so I had to fly to China—again and again. 7.5 years down the line, today we assemble 99% of our products in India but still have to rely on China for many raw materials. So maybe it’s time to step out of our bubble and stop comparing India to China bcs we don't have to be another China. We need to focus on our own strengths, i.e. innovation, tech and more. One step at a time, we can start multiplying startups in aerospace, EV, ai & more, but that's a result of much higher consistent govt budgets in r&d, infrastructure, grants in higher education, and incentives for manufacturing. Agree? #india #growth #future
Abhishek Nag 360 ONE Asset An area that Anjali Nair and I have been spending some time on lately, is vertical micro-drama apps globally and in India. Some key features of these apps: 📱 Vertical format designed specifically for smartphones ⏱️ Episodes run just 1-3 minutes each 📺 Full series contain 70-150 episodes (equivalent to a feature film when binged) 🎭 Scripted, melodramatic content with fast-paced plots 🔄 Cliffhangers and over-the-top storylines designed to hook viewers instantly This format originated in China and has since boomed globally: - Kuaishou hosts 100,000+ micro-drama channels with 270M daily viewers (70% of DAU) - ReelShort, DramaBox, ShortTV lead the US market - Many platforms were created by teams with mobile gaming backgrounds - Top apps saw 34M monthly downloads and $78M revenue in early 2025! It's clear to me that India is going to see a huge wave of vertical video, episodic micro-drama startups launching in the coming months. For founders building in this space, consider: 🎯 Content Strategy: Focus on culturally resonant genres - not just romance, but family dramas, mythology and comedy that speak to Indian audiences 🗣️ Language Approach: Launch with multiple regional languages from day one - Hindi alone won't capture the full market potential 💰 Monetization Mix: Design a smart freemium model with brand integrations that accounts for India's price sensitivity while maximizing revenue 🚀 Capital Efficiency: Balance content production costs with marketing spend to achieve scale before competitors 📊 Measurement: Build analytics that track not just views but completion rates and emotional engagement to prove value to advertisers We're actively seeking visionary founders ready to capture this emerging opportunity. The perfect storm of India's mobile-first population, our love for dramatic storytelling, and evolving consumption patterns makes this the ideal time to build in this space. 136 21 Comments
An area that Anjali Nair and I have been spending some time on lately, is vertical micro-drama apps globally and in India. Some key features of these apps: 📱 Vertical format designed specifically for smartphones ⏱️ Episodes run just 1-3 minutes each 📺 Full series contain 70-150 episodes (equivalent to a feature film when binged) 🎭 Scripted, melodramatic content with fast-paced plots 🔄 Cliffhangers and over-the-top storylines designed to hook viewers instantly This format originated in China and has since boomed globally: - Kuaishou hosts 100,000+ micro-drama channels with 270M daily viewers (70% of DAU) - ReelShort, DramaBox, ShortTV lead the US market - Many platforms were created by teams with mobile gaming backgrounds - Top apps saw 34M monthly downloads and $78M revenue in early 2025! It's clear to me that India is going to see a huge wave of vertical video, episodic micro-drama startups launching in the coming months. For founders building in this space, consider: 🎯 Content Strategy: Focus on culturally resonant genres - not just romance, but family dramas, mythology and comedy that speak to Indian audiences 🗣️ Language Approach: Launch with multiple regional languages from day one - Hindi alone won't capture the full market potential 💰 Monetization Mix: Design a smart freemium model with brand integrations that accounts for India's price sensitivity while maximizing revenue 🚀 Capital Efficiency: Balance content production costs with marketing spend to achieve scale before competitors 📊 Measurement: Build analytics that track not just views but completion rates and emotional engagement to prove value to advertisers We're actively seeking visionary founders ready to capture this emerging opportunity. The perfect storm of India's mobile-first population, our love for dramatic storytelling, and evolving consumption patterns makes this the ideal time to build in this space.
Pranav Mehta Birla Institute of Technology… 1,298 gaming platforms just vanished from India overnight. $23 billion industry. Gone. Dream Sports, MPL, Zupee - all pulling the plug simultaneously. Most people think this is government overreach destroying innovation. But i think there is a big restructuring that will happen in the gaming industry. Real-money gaming banned completely. But e-sports and educational gaming? Full government backing. Think about this for a moment: -1.4 billion potential users being protected from financial addiction -Skill-based gaming getting institutional support -International companies scrambling to redesign their India strategy A lot of gaming apps that you use might end up completely changing their games and some might shut down. I personally think it will be very difficult for the existing real money gaming companies to exist. Some might ssay they can shift to advertisement revenue. Let me put this into picture: 1) Dream11's last year revenue $700million + 2) Total advertisement revenue of all gaming companies combined INR 6000crore+ Its a new playground altogether and i feel new companies will capture this space. Ps: Is there some sort of a curse ?? 389 27 Comments
1,298 gaming platforms just vanished from India overnight. $23 billion industry. Gone. Dream Sports, MPL, Zupee - all pulling the plug simultaneously. Most people think this is government overreach destroying innovation. But i think there is a big restructuring that will happen in the gaming industry. Real-money gaming banned completely. But e-sports and educational gaming? Full government backing. Think about this for a moment: -1.4 billion potential users being protected from financial addiction -Skill-based gaming getting institutional support -International companies scrambling to redesign their India strategy A lot of gaming apps that you use might end up completely changing their games and some might shut down. I personally think it will be very difficult for the existing real money gaming companies to exist. Some might ssay they can shift to advertisement revenue. Let me put this into picture: 1) Dream11's last year revenue $700million + 2) Total advertisement revenue of all gaming companies combined INR 6000crore+ Its a new playground altogether and i feel new companies will capture this space. Ps: Is there some sort of a curse ??
Aviral Bhatnagar ajvc Anthropic raised $13B at a $183B valuation Fundraise is greater than entirety of VC in India raised in 2024, valuation is close to that of all of India's unicorns in total The crazy part is that it's a spin-off team from OpenAI, which itself is worth $300B Different scale 1,623 42 Comments
Anthropic raised $13B at a $183B valuation Fundraise is greater than entirety of VC in India raised in 2024, valuation is close to that of all of India's unicorns in total The crazy part is that it's a spin-off team from OpenAI, which itself is worth $300B Different scale
Sidhanth Singh IIT.Fun Web3 is getting its next wave of talent - straight out of IITs. One month back we started IIT.Fun with a goal to onboard talent from IITs into web 3, we’ve been on-ground in IIT Roorkee, IIT BHU, IIT Kanpur, IIT Guwahati, and IIT Madras - running workshops, jamming in online community calls, coding together on-chain, and diving deep into Web3’s tech and economics. Now, we're going bigger. Introducing an Open Source Summer Program. A Web3 native open source program designed to bring the smartest builders and creators from IITs and other top colleges into the web 3 ecosystem - this time across 15+ real-world Web3 projects in collaboration with top names in the space. This is for: → Developers who want to go from 0 to 1 in Web3 → Non-tech folks who want to dive into product, marketing, business etc → Web3 devs & founders who want to maintain projects and mentor the next generation How can you be a part of it? → Lead your campus. → Maintain open source projects. → Contribute to open source projects. The best part? You'll get stipends for leading, contributing, and maintaining. And you’ll walk out with on-chain cred and real experience. Apply to be part of the summer program here (link in comments) Let’s build the strongest student-led Web3 ecosystem in India. Let’s make it fun. Let's make it IIT.Fun 94 12 Comments
Web3 is getting its next wave of talent - straight out of IITs. One month back we started IIT.Fun with a goal to onboard talent from IITs into web 3, we’ve been on-ground in IIT Roorkee, IIT BHU, IIT Kanpur, IIT Guwahati, and IIT Madras - running workshops, jamming in online community calls, coding together on-chain, and diving deep into Web3’s tech and economics. Now, we're going bigger. Introducing an Open Source Summer Program. A Web3 native open source program designed to bring the smartest builders and creators from IITs and other top colleges into the web 3 ecosystem - this time across 15+ real-world Web3 projects in collaboration with top names in the space. This is for: → Developers who want to go from 0 to 1 in Web3 → Non-tech folks who want to dive into product, marketing, business etc → Web3 devs & founders who want to maintain projects and mentor the next generation How can you be a part of it? → Lead your campus. → Maintain open source projects. → Contribute to open source projects. The best part? You'll get stipends for leading, contributing, and maintaining. And you’ll walk out with on-chain cred and real experience. Apply to be part of the summer program here (link in comments) Let’s build the strongest student-led Web3 ecosystem in India. Let’s make it fun. Let's make it IIT.Fun
Kunal Bhardwaj 18+ yrs of exp. with first 7… Are majority of Pre-Seed VCs in India actually Pre-Seed? Since 2020, I think I have been a part of at least 100+ calls with multiple pre seed VCs - first for Dailylearn and then for Reevoly. And one thing absolutely stands out - I have an unfiltered take on it (And this is not because I wasn't able to raise, but because of a common pattern which I have seen in general) Most of the funds that position themselves as pre-seed VCs actually operate like late-seed or early-Series A —waiting for revenue, significant traction, or proven market fit before writing a cheque. If someone is tracking MRR, DAU, MAU, or revenue at pre-seed, that's not a pre-seed VC I believe at this stage, the only things that truly matter are: 1. Founder capability – Do they have the vision and execution muscle to build something big, fast? 2. Deep Market insight – Are they seeing something others aren’t, with a strong rationale to back it? 3. Tech leverage – Is there a scalable edge beyond just operational hustle? Pre-seed ideally should be a bet on conviction, not on spreadsheets. It’s about identifying the right founder at the right moment - and not waiting for traditional metrics to validate the opportunity #StartupFunding #PreSeedVC #VentureCapital #Founders #EarlyStageInvesting 211 56 Comments
Are majority of Pre-Seed VCs in India actually Pre-Seed? Since 2020, I think I have been a part of at least 100+ calls with multiple pre seed VCs - first for Dailylearn and then for Reevoly. And one thing absolutely stands out - I have an unfiltered take on it (And this is not because I wasn't able to raise, but because of a common pattern which I have seen in general) Most of the funds that position themselves as pre-seed VCs actually operate like late-seed or early-Series A —waiting for revenue, significant traction, or proven market fit before writing a cheque. If someone is tracking MRR, DAU, MAU, or revenue at pre-seed, that's not a pre-seed VC I believe at this stage, the only things that truly matter are: 1. Founder capability – Do they have the vision and execution muscle to build something big, fast? 2. Deep Market insight – Are they seeing something others aren’t, with a strong rationale to back it? 3. Tech leverage – Is there a scalable edge beyond just operational hustle? Pre-seed ideally should be a bet on conviction, not on spreadsheets. It’s about identifying the right founder at the right moment - and not waiting for traditional metrics to validate the opportunity #StartupFunding #PreSeedVC #VentureCapital #Founders #EarlyStageInvesting
Sreedath Panat Vizuara On this Independence Day, we are proud to announce the launch of Vizuara's first-ever AI product Our product team (Pritam Kudale and Pranavodhayam P R) has been working on this for months, and today we're launching DynaRoute - an intelligent router that automatically selects the best language model based on your query complexity and category. Here is the problem we solved: Most applications use one expensive model (like GPT-4) for everything. Simple questions like "What is the capital of France?" get the same treatment as complex reasoning tasks. It's like using a hammer for every job, even when you just need a screwdriver. DynaRoute analyzes each query and routes it to the optimal model. Simple questions go to efficient models like Gemini Flash. Complex reasoning tasks get routed to more powerful models. The result? 50-70% cost savings while maintaining performance. We tested this extensively. On our GPQA benchmark, we achieve a 9.7:1 performance-to-price ratio compared to 6.9:1 for single model solutions. For typical enterprise queries, we're seeing 93% cost savings over 300k tokens. What makes this different from AWS or Azure routers is the full spectrum access. We support open source and closed source models across GCP, AWS, and Azure. Their routers lock you into their ecosystem - Microsoft only gives you GPT models, Amazon only Claude/Llama. The integration is seamless. Drop-in replacement for OpenAI API, works with CrewAI agents, includes an MCP server for Claude, and comes with a comprehensive dashboard showing real-time savings. This is Vizuara's first AI product for enterprises, and Raj Abhijit Dandekar, Rajat Dandekar, and I are incredibly proud of what the team built. We have transitioned from education to solving real industry problems. Try it at https://lnkd.in/dGSx2KRq - free tier includes 50k tokens to test the $$ savings yourself. We just posted our product launch video on Vizuara's YouTube channel, where we give you a very detailed product walkthrough. We also explain how you can use this as an individual customer or as an enterprise to save $$$: https://lnkd.in/dtEHtHMn We will soon be publishing a paper on the concept of dynamic intelligent routing. Stay tuned. Happy Independence Day to my fellow countrymen! 🇮🇳 280 20 Comments
On this Independence Day, we are proud to announce the launch of Vizuara's first-ever AI product Our product team (Pritam Kudale and Pranavodhayam P R) has been working on this for months, and today we're launching DynaRoute - an intelligent router that automatically selects the best language model based on your query complexity and category. Here is the problem we solved: Most applications use one expensive model (like GPT-4) for everything. Simple questions like "What is the capital of France?" get the same treatment as complex reasoning tasks. It's like using a hammer for every job, even when you just need a screwdriver. DynaRoute analyzes each query and routes it to the optimal model. Simple questions go to efficient models like Gemini Flash. Complex reasoning tasks get routed to more powerful models. The result? 50-70% cost savings while maintaining performance. We tested this extensively. On our GPQA benchmark, we achieve a 9.7:1 performance-to-price ratio compared to 6.9:1 for single model solutions. For typical enterprise queries, we're seeing 93% cost savings over 300k tokens. What makes this different from AWS or Azure routers is the full spectrum access. We support open source and closed source models across GCP, AWS, and Azure. Their routers lock you into their ecosystem - Microsoft only gives you GPT models, Amazon only Claude/Llama. The integration is seamless. Drop-in replacement for OpenAI API, works with CrewAI agents, includes an MCP server for Claude, and comes with a comprehensive dashboard showing real-time savings. This is Vizuara's first AI product for enterprises, and Raj Abhijit Dandekar, Rajat Dandekar, and I are incredibly proud of what the team built. We have transitioned from education to solving real industry problems. Try it at https://lnkd.in/dGSx2KRq - free tier includes 50k tokens to test the $$ savings yourself. We just posted our product launch video on Vizuara's YouTube channel, where we give you a very detailed product walkthrough. We also explain how you can use this as an individual customer or as an enterprise to save $$$: https://lnkd.in/dtEHtHMn We will soon be publishing a paper on the concept of dynamic intelligent routing. Stay tuned. Happy Independence Day to my fellow countrymen! 🇮🇳
Amit Singh Moga(IIM A, IIT R) The Doctorpreneur Academy 📍 UPI moment for Indian Pincode and addresses! India has launched DigiPIN – a revolutionary digital address system by India Post, in collaboration with IIT-Hyderabad and ISRO. 🔹 What is DigiPIN? A unique 10-character alphanumeric code for every 4x4 meter location in India – like a desi GPS, but offline-friendly and ultra-precise. ❌ Why traditional PIN codes failed: One PIN covers hundreds of houses No rooftop accuracy Confusing for couriers & delays in deliveries ✅ Why DigiPIN is a game-changer: Unique code for every home, shop, or hut Works in cities, villages, remote areas Accurate voter/Aadhaar linking & faster e-commerce No personal data stored – just your location 🧭 How to get yours: Visit India Post website Enter your location Get your DigiPIN (needs GPS/GNSS enabled device) It’s part of India Post’s “Address-as-a-Service” (AaaS) initiative — open-source, interoperable, and a big step toward Digital Bharat. 🌐 So no more "Peepal ke pad ke peeche" or " Google Aunty wrong direction" :) Do you think it is a UPI moment for Indian Postal System? Let’s spread the word. Every Indian deserves a digital address. #DigiPIN #IndiaPost #DigitalBharat #Innovation #Logistics #Ecommerce #AddressRevolution #GovTech 945 45 Comments
📍 UPI moment for Indian Pincode and addresses! India has launched DigiPIN – a revolutionary digital address system by India Post, in collaboration with IIT-Hyderabad and ISRO. 🔹 What is DigiPIN? A unique 10-character alphanumeric code for every 4x4 meter location in India – like a desi GPS, but offline-friendly and ultra-precise. ❌ Why traditional PIN codes failed: One PIN covers hundreds of houses No rooftop accuracy Confusing for couriers & delays in deliveries ✅ Why DigiPIN is a game-changer: Unique code for every home, shop, or hut Works in cities, villages, remote areas Accurate voter/Aadhaar linking & faster e-commerce No personal data stored – just your location 🧭 How to get yours: Visit India Post website Enter your location Get your DigiPIN (needs GPS/GNSS enabled device) It’s part of India Post’s “Address-as-a-Service” (AaaS) initiative — open-source, interoperable, and a big step toward Digital Bharat. 🌐 So no more "Peepal ke pad ke peeche" or " Google Aunty wrong direction" :) Do you think it is a UPI moment for Indian Postal System? Let’s spread the word. Every Indian deserves a digital address. #DigiPIN #IndiaPost #DigitalBharat #Innovation #Logistics #Ecommerce #AddressRevolution #GovTech
Priyal Motwani Lightspeed India Can AI livestreamers finally make livestreaming work in India? For years, livestreaming has been unsolved in India. Despite being time-rich with a social-first internet, livestreaming as ecom format never took off like China. It wasn’t for lack of trying - dozens of players entered but the pieces never quite clicked There are two key issues 1) Supply side never scaled. High quality hosts with skill to entertain/ sell "live" are incredibly hard. Even when you find them, time ROI doesn’t justify effort. W/o massive concurrent views, even great hosts can’t monetize their time well 2) Demand side never hit critical mass. Watching live video to shop isn’t a habit for most users. Unlike China, where buying from livestreams is normalized (even aspirational), we haven’t built that instinct It is one of the hardest content formats to crack. It’s not just about entertainment - it’s about holding attention for long stretches, establishing emotional trust, selling well. That’s a high bar. China, however, cracked the code. In China, livestreaming isn’t just content - it’s an industry. There’s a whole ecosystem of training schools that turn novice into conversion machines. There’s trust in format, amplified by exclusive SKUs + deep discounts. And now, something magical is unfolding.. AI livestreamers Luo Yonghao, China’s most prominent livestreamer, recently launched his AI avatar on Baidu’s ecom with their foundational model. Results were incredible 13M+ views $7.6M in GMV 6 hours of seamless, emotionally engaging, product rich conversation "LIVE" by AI avatar It delivered 97k+ character of product storytelling, 8k+ coordinated gestures, even held banter with co-host avatar, complete with sync movement. It mimicked spontaneity, emotional shifts, tonal variety - everything that was once thought to be uniquely human. What’s more interesting: it did better sales than human host’s original debut Why this matters I believed livestreaming was one content format AI wouldn’t touch. Too human, too spontaneous, too dependent on emotional resonance. That assumption’s been shaken. AI livestreamers now deliver: 24/7 performance w/o burnout Cost-efficiency (<$1K setup vs a full-fledged studio) Hyper-consistent quality in storytelling, gestures They may not replace top-tier influencers, who thrive on emotional intimacy & narrative originality. But they could easily replace the long tail - those who drive volume, not creativity Can livestreaming finally work in India? AI livestreamers could solve the supply side issue. With avatars that can shoot 24/7, mimic human emotions, deliver crisp storytelling at very low cost. Could this unlock ecom in catg like food, electronics, impulse-led lifestyle where trust equation is lighter & trial isn’t mandatory? It’s too early to say. But India’s livestreaming moment might not come from human creators It might come from AI avatars - fluent in emotion, optimized for conversion & built to scale where humans couldn’t. 56 9 Comments
Can AI livestreamers finally make livestreaming work in India? For years, livestreaming has been unsolved in India. Despite being time-rich with a social-first internet, livestreaming as ecom format never took off like China. It wasn’t for lack of trying - dozens of players entered but the pieces never quite clicked There are two key issues 1) Supply side never scaled. High quality hosts with skill to entertain/ sell "live" are incredibly hard. Even when you find them, time ROI doesn’t justify effort. W/o massive concurrent views, even great hosts can’t monetize their time well 2) Demand side never hit critical mass. Watching live video to shop isn’t a habit for most users. Unlike China, where buying from livestreams is normalized (even aspirational), we haven’t built that instinct It is one of the hardest content formats to crack. It’s not just about entertainment - it’s about holding attention for long stretches, establishing emotional trust, selling well. That’s a high bar. China, however, cracked the code. In China, livestreaming isn’t just content - it’s an industry. There’s a whole ecosystem of training schools that turn novice into conversion machines. There’s trust in format, amplified by exclusive SKUs + deep discounts. And now, something magical is unfolding.. AI livestreamers Luo Yonghao, China’s most prominent livestreamer, recently launched his AI avatar on Baidu’s ecom with their foundational model. Results were incredible 13M+ views $7.6M in GMV 6 hours of seamless, emotionally engaging, product rich conversation "LIVE" by AI avatar It delivered 97k+ character of product storytelling, 8k+ coordinated gestures, even held banter with co-host avatar, complete with sync movement. It mimicked spontaneity, emotional shifts, tonal variety - everything that was once thought to be uniquely human. What’s more interesting: it did better sales than human host’s original debut Why this matters I believed livestreaming was one content format AI wouldn’t touch. Too human, too spontaneous, too dependent on emotional resonance. That assumption’s been shaken. AI livestreamers now deliver: 24/7 performance w/o burnout Cost-efficiency (<$1K setup vs a full-fledged studio) Hyper-consistent quality in storytelling, gestures They may not replace top-tier influencers, who thrive on emotional intimacy & narrative originality. But they could easily replace the long tail - those who drive volume, not creativity Can livestreaming finally work in India? AI livestreamers could solve the supply side issue. With avatars that can shoot 24/7, mimic human emotions, deliver crisp storytelling at very low cost. Could this unlock ecom in catg like food, electronics, impulse-led lifestyle where trust equation is lighter & trial isn’t mandatory? It’s too early to say. But India’s livestreaming moment might not come from human creators It might come from AI avatars - fluent in emotion, optimized for conversion & built to scale where humans couldn’t.
Avik Ashar Riverwalk Holdings Zomato's monthly userbase - ~20 million Swiggy's monthly userbase - ~17 million Uber India's monthly userbase - ~17 million Cred's monthly userbase - ~13 million Declared income tax payers over 50 lakhs ($58k USD) are around 9 lakh (900,000). Another 24 lakh folks (2,400,000) earn over 20 lakh ($23k USD) . A further 69 lakh (6,900,000) people earn over 10 lakh ($12k USD). Now this is based on Income Tax Return data so evaluate these numbers as you will. So when you're building a startup, and I see TAM SAM SOM (god this sounds like a Thai Salad) showcasing over 3 crore paying users, my question is "Sure, where are you producing these folks from?" We've seen a ~500% growth in tax payers earning above 50 lakh from 2013 till 2024. Assuming even a similar trajectory, we've got 45 lakh folks by 2035. Still a bit short of 3 crore. Meanwhile, AI is most DEFINITELY impacting jobs, household debt sits at ~42% of GDP and inflation is high. Now none of this is meant to be discouraging. We've had a surge of brilliant brands rise in India, several which are making their way across the world today. Lenskart, Innovist, Mokobara, The Whole Truth, Blue Tokai, these are all part of my everyday usage, and I'm seeing them sold across the world. If you had told me this a decade ago, even I wouldn't have fully believed it was possible! The reason I'm writing this is to put out direct numbers. There's a finite audience you're reaching, so understand the cost of acquiring them, retaining them and creating a differentiated voice and product. #venturecapital #startups #d2c #consumer 465 88 Comments
Zomato's monthly userbase - ~20 million Swiggy's monthly userbase - ~17 million Uber India's monthly userbase - ~17 million Cred's monthly userbase - ~13 million Declared income tax payers over 50 lakhs ($58k USD) are around 9 lakh (900,000). Another 24 lakh folks (2,400,000) earn over 20 lakh ($23k USD) . A further 69 lakh (6,900,000) people earn over 10 lakh ($12k USD). Now this is based on Income Tax Return data so evaluate these numbers as you will. So when you're building a startup, and I see TAM SAM SOM (god this sounds like a Thai Salad) showcasing over 3 crore paying users, my question is "Sure, where are you producing these folks from?" We've seen a ~500% growth in tax payers earning above 50 lakh from 2013 till 2024. Assuming even a similar trajectory, we've got 45 lakh folks by 2035. Still a bit short of 3 crore. Meanwhile, AI is most DEFINITELY impacting jobs, household debt sits at ~42% of GDP and inflation is high. Now none of this is meant to be discouraging. We've had a surge of brilliant brands rise in India, several which are making their way across the world today. Lenskart, Innovist, Mokobara, The Whole Truth, Blue Tokai, these are all part of my everyday usage, and I'm seeing them sold across the world. If you had told me this a decade ago, even I wouldn't have fully believed it was possible! The reason I'm writing this is to put out direct numbers. There's a finite audience you're reaching, so understand the cost of acquiring them, retaining them and creating a differentiated voice and product. #venturecapital #startups #d2c #consumer
Jay Lee Global Venture Play YC startups spend years chasing product–market fit. Indian Railways found it in one pilot and made $685M. This is the kind of monetisation hack even Y Combinator founders wouldn't have seen coming. Indian Railways ran it nationally and made $685 million from it. All by turning train tickets into lottery tickets. India’s train system moves 24 million people every day. But millions of riders were skipping tickets. Instead of chasing them down with fines, they flipped the script. They made ticket buyers eligible to win cash prizes. → $120 daily → $600 weekly → No app, no registration, just buy a legit ticket They called it Lucky Yatra. The pilot launched in Mumbai with just $1.4 million in prize money. The outcome? → $685 million in new revenue → 34% increase in ticket sales → Massive public goodwill The program was so effective, it won the Grand Prix in PR at Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity Lions 2025. This is real-world behavioural economics, done right. Reward the right behavior and the market responds. Indian Railways didn’t need a growth team. 1,325 186 Comments
YC startups spend years chasing product–market fit. Indian Railways found it in one pilot and made $685M. This is the kind of monetisation hack even Y Combinator founders wouldn't have seen coming. Indian Railways ran it nationally and made $685 million from it. All by turning train tickets into lottery tickets. India’s train system moves 24 million people every day. But millions of riders were skipping tickets. Instead of chasing them down with fines, they flipped the script. They made ticket buyers eligible to win cash prizes. → $120 daily → $600 weekly → No app, no registration, just buy a legit ticket They called it Lucky Yatra. The pilot launched in Mumbai with just $1.4 million in prize money. The outcome? → $685 million in new revenue → 34% increase in ticket sales → Massive public goodwill The program was so effective, it won the Grand Prix in PR at Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity Lions 2025. This is real-world behavioural economics, done right. Reward the right behavior and the market responds. Indian Railways didn’t need a growth team.
We’re unlocking community knowledge in a new way. Experts add insights directly into each article, started with the help of AI.
1h 31m AWS and React: Creating Full-Stack Apps
2h 19m Advanced Data Engineering with Snowflake
Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.
Harkirat can help you find your next opportunity


--- SOURCE: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samay_Raina ---
Participate in the 2025 international science photo competition!
Samay Raina (born 26 October 1997)[1] is an Indian stand-up comedian and YouTuber. He was the co-winner of the stand-up comedy contest Comicstaan 2 (2019).[2] In 2024, he hosted the comedy talent show India's Got Latent.
Raina was born in Jammu city of the erstwhile Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir into a conservative Kashmiri Pandit family from Salia area of Seer Hamdan Anantnag. He enrolled in a print engineering course at Vidhyarthi Griha's College of Engineering and Technology in Pune, Maharashtra, which he said was a waste of time, and started doing open mic events and eventually became a regular in the local comedy scene.[3]
After performing at multiple open mics since 27 August 2017, Raina began opening for well-known comedians like Anirban Dasgupta and Abhishek Upmanyu in Pune. As he gained recognition, he moved to Mumbai to pursue a career in stand-up comedy and gave several successful shows in Mumbai and several cities across the nation.[4]
Eventually, he joined Comicstaan 2 from a suggestion from his co-winner Aakash Gupta. Later, he became the joint winner of Comicstaan 2 with Aakash Gupta, aired on Amazon Prime Video.[5][6]
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the government cancelled all outdoor events, and thus, Raina could no longer perform stand-up comedy. He then began streaming chess games on his YouTube channel at the fellow comedian Tanmay Bhat's suggestion.[7] His viewership boosted when he invited YouTuber Antonio Radić, popularly known as Agadmator, to his channel. In response to this, Indian GM Vidit Gujrathi tweeted that he would like to join Raina on his track. Eventually, Gujrathi appeared on Raina's channel, giving another boost to Raina's viewership. Since then, the two have fostered a strong relationship and frequently feature on each other's channels. Gujrathi attributes his moving from Twitch to YouTube to Raina's suggestion.[citation needed]
According to many chess proponents, including GMs Viswanathan Anand, Vidit Gujrathi, Anish Giri, Teimour Radjabov, Baskaran Adhiban, Emil Sutovsky and IMs Tania Sachdev and Sagar Shah, Raina has been instrumental in popularising chess in India through his channel.[8] Raina tries to make the game of chess more appealing to the masses through his humour which, according to many, has helped him reach a larger audience.[7]
Several well-known chess personalities like Pentala Harikrishna, Judit Polgár, former world chess champions Vladimir Kramnik, Viswanathan Anand and Magnus Carlsen have appeared on Raina's channel.[9][10] He also organised chess tournaments featuring Indian celebrities such as cricketer Yuzvendra Chahal,[11] and played chess with actor Aamir Khan.[12]
In addition to chess, he also live streams many other games on his YouTube channel.
Samay plays on Chess.com as samayraina. As of 6 December 2024[update], Raina has a rating of 1621 at rapid chess on chess.com, while the highest recorded rating was 1942 on 3 August 2023.[13] On 5 May 2021, Raina won the $10,000 Botez Bullet Invitational, a one-hour amateur bullet arena tournament sponsored by Chess.com and hosted by the Botez sisters. He was the only Indian streamer competing among some of the top international Twitch streamers and earned $4000.[14]
He started organising online chess tournaments on his channel to attract the online audience to chess, called Comedians On Board (COB), inviting many of his comedian friends and other celebrities.[15]
Raina with ChessBase India and Nodwin Gaming organised an online chess league called Chess Super League consisting of some of the Top International and Indian Grandmasters, International Masters and Indian Junior Players, competing in six teams of six players each. For the prize pool of ₹40 lakh (US$47,000). The entire event was streamed on Raina's YouTube Channel.[22]
During the COVID-19 pandemic, he began streaming chess games along with multiple comedians and chess masters. He has raised substantial amounts of money for various causes through his YouTube channel, including help for waste pickers,[23] and relief for West Bengal and Assam flood victims.[24][25]
In June 2024, Samay Raina launched India's Got Latent, a reality show focused on uncovering hidden talents.[26][27][28]
He then ventured into the tech and entertainment space with the launch of his app India's Got Latent, inspired by his YouTube show. Raina said he aims to eventually transition the platform into a full-fledged OTT service, featuring shows across genres such as poetry, rap, and reality TV. Within hours of launch, the app reached top of the charts on Apple App Store and Google Play Store.[29]
Ranveer Allahbadia's controversial remark on India's Got Latent
On 10 February 2025, The Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma tweeted that the Guwahati Police had registered an FIR against Raina as well as other YouTubers, including, Ashish Chanchlani, Jaspreet Singh, Apoorva Makhija, Ranveer Allahbadia, for promoting obscenity and engaging in sexually explicit and vulgar discussions on India's Got Latent.[30][31] Sarma also informed that the Guwahati Crime Branch had filed the case under various sections of BNS 2023, the IT Act, 2000, the Cinematograph Act, 1952, and the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986.[32] He added that the police investigation into the matter was ongoing.[33] The issue was also raised in the Zero Hour of Parliament, with concerns raised about regulating platforms like YouTube.[34] Later, the video was removed following objections from the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).[35] The Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis condemned the YouTuber's comment.[36] This concluded in the removal of his show from YouTube.[37]
^ "Samay Raina | Top Chess Players". Chess.com. Retrieved 15 February 2025.
^ "Aakash Gupta and Samay Raina win Comicstaan 2". The Indian Express. 16 August 2019. Retrieved 29 September 2020.
^ "'Standing up' for Kashmir". The New Indian Express. 23 January 2020. Retrieved 17 October 2020.
^ Verma, Anshika (11 February 2025). "Standup Comedian Samay Raina's Impressive Net Worth". Jagran Josh. Retrieved 15 June 2025.
^ "Comicstaan Season 2 winners: Akash Gupta, Samay Raina win the Amazon original show, awarded prize money of Rs 10 lakh". India Today. 16 August 2019. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ "Comicstaan season 2: Akash Gupta, Samay Raina crowned as winners of Amazon Prime Video India comedy show". Firstpost. 17 August 2019. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ Jump up to: a b RS, Prasad (5 September 2020). "We have made chess more consumable for the masses: Samay Raina". The Times of India. Retrieved 29 September 2020.
^ "Mover & shaker: How comedy is redefining chess for a cause". ESPN. 25 August 2020. Retrieved 30 March 2021.
^ RS, Prasad (24 March 2020). "Anand to take on stand-up comedians in charity match". The Times of India. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ Belz, Emily. "The 2020 internet chess carnival - WORLD". world.wng.org. Archived from the original on 30 November 2020. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ "Viswanathan Anand, Yuzvendra Chahal and others raise Rs 8.86 lakh for waste-pickers community through online chess charity tournament". www.wionews.com. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ Goyal, Samarth (2 July 2025). "Samay Raina takes a dig at Aamir Khan after latter beats him at chess: 'Kabhi kabhi Laal Singh Chaddha bhi ho jata hai'". Hindustan Times. Retrieved 6 July 2025.
^ "M Samay Raina (samayraina) - Chess Profile". Chess.com.
^ "Samay Raina wins the $10,000 Botez Bullet Invitational - ChessBase India". www.chessbase.in. 6 May 2021. Retrieved 9 May 2021.
^ Shah, Sagar (11 November 2020). "Comedians on Board 3 comes to an end with Joel D'Souza as the champion". ChessBase India. Retrieved 15 June 2025.
^ "Comedians On Board 1 (COB1)". comediansonboard.in. 14 November 2020. Archived from the original on 7 June 2021. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ "Comedians on Board 2 (COB 2)". comediansonboard.in. 15 November 2020. Archived from the original on 7 June 2021. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ "Comedians on Board 3 (COB 3)". comediansonboard.in. Retrieved 27 February 2021.
^ "Comedians on Board All Stars". 25 March 2021. Archived from the original on 24 October 2021. Retrieved 24 October 2021.
^ COMEDIANS ON BOARD GANG WAR | GRAND FINALE, 27 March 2022, retrieved 27 March 2022
^ "The Chess Super League is here!". Chess News. 9 October 2021. Retrieved 10 February 2022.
^ "Charity begins with chess?". Hindustan Times. 30 May 2020. Retrieved 29 September 2020.
^ "Mover & shaker: How stand-up comic Samay Raina is redefining chess for a cause". ESPN. Retrieved 29 September 2020.
^ Kulkarni (Rakesh), Rakesh (June 2020). "Chess For Charity: Chess for West Bengal, India". Chess.com.
^ "India's Got Latent (2024) - Comedy Show by Samay Raina | BrownPant". Retrieved 1 October 2024.
^ "'I Want To Level Up': Samay Raina On His Latest Project 'India's Got Latent' & Pushing The Envelope With His Comedy - DeadAnt". deadant.co/. Retrieved 1 October 2024.
^ India's Got Latent. Retrieved 1 October 2024 – via trakt.tv.
^ "Comedian Samay Raina launches India's Got Latent app, reaches top of the charts on Apple App Store and Google Play Store". Business Today. 8 January 2025. Retrieved 17 January 2025.
^ Himanta Biswa Sarma [@himantabiswa] (10 February 2025). "Himanta Biswa Sarma's Post on X" (Tweet). Retrieved 6 December 2024 – via Twitter.
^ Deeksha, Gour (10 February 2025). "Assam Police Book YouTubers Samay Raina, Ranveer Allahbadia And Others As 'India's Got Latent' Comes Under Fire". Dainik Jagran. Retrieved 10 February 2025.
^ Sukheja, Bhavya (14 February 2025). "India's Got Latent Row: Who Said What As Samay Raina Forced To Remove All YouTube Episodes". NDTV. Retrieved 14 February 2025.
^ Mishra, Vinay (10 February 2025). "Ranveer Allahbadia, Samay Raina, Ashish Chanchlani & Other YouTubers Booked For 'Promoting Obscenity And Engaging In Vulgar Discussion' In Guwahati, Says Assam CM Himanta Biswa Sarma". Free Press Journal. Retrieved 10 February 2025.
^ "Trouble mounts for Ranveer Allahbadia & others linked to Samay Raina's show: Top developments". The Times of India. 11 February 2025. ISSN 0971-8257. Retrieved 11 February 2025.
^ "Samay Raina deletes all videos of controversial show India's Got Latent, says 'only objective was to make people laugh'". The Indian Express. 13 February 2025. Retrieved 13 February 2025.
^ Jaiswal, Arushi (10 February 2025). "Maharashtra CM Fadnavis condemns YouTuber Ranveer Allahbadia's remarks, NHRC takes action". India TV News. Retrieved 11 February 2025.
^ "Samay Raina removes all 'India's Got Latent' episodes, says will cooperate with agencies". The Hindu. PTI. 13 February 2025. Retrieved 6 July 2025.
^ "Comicstaan 2 winner Samay Raina: It was strategy to save my best for the last". The Indian Express. 17 August 2019. Retrieved 7 October 2021.
^ "Comedy Premium League review: The closest India will get to a Saturday Night Live". The Indian Express. 21 August 2021. Retrieved 7 October 2021.
^ "Amazon Prime Video announces mentors for One Mic Stand Season 2". 12 October 2021. Archived from the original on 24 October 2021. Retrieved 24 October 2021.
^ Sanzgiri, Shantanu (25 June 2024). "'I Want To Level Up': Samay Raina On His Latest Project 'India's Got Latent' & Pushing The Envelope With His Comedy". Deadant. Retrieved 27 December 2024.
Short description is different from Wikidata
Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pages
All Wikipedia articles written in Indian English
Articles with unsourced statements from March 2021
Articles containing potentially dated statements from December 2024
All articles containing potentially dated statements


--- SOURCE: https://www.wikibuff.com/comedian/samay-raina/ ---
Last updated on: February 25th, 2025Family games Samay Raina Biography – The standup comedian from Kashmir who revolutionized chess in India! Family Background of Samay Raina: Samay Raina was born on October 26, 1997, in Jammu, India. His father’s name is Rajesh Raina, who is a Journalist. He has worked with media broadcasters like Doordarshan. His mother’s name is Sweeti Raina. She left her job in order to raise their only child. Samay Raina’s parents He is a Kashmiri Hindu, and like other Kashmiri Pandits, his family also left their home during the exodus to save their lives, shifted to Delhi, and settled in Hyderabad later. Education: He did his primary education at Ramadevi Public School. Then, he completed his schooling at Hyderabad Public School. Samay’s childhood photo Later, he graduated in Printing Engineering from the famous Pune Vidhyarthi Griha’s College Of Engineering And Technology. Biography of Samay Raina: Samay Raina’s Profile Profile Personal Life Full NameSamay Raina Nickname Rishabh Date of BirthOctober 26, 1997 Age28 years 1 months (in December, 2025) NationalityIndian ReligionHinduism Zodiac/Sun SignScorpio Birth PlaceJammu, India SchoolRamadevi Public School. Hyderabad Public School. CollegePune Vidhyarthi Griha’s College Of Engineering And Technology. Physical Stats Height (approx)5ft. 11″ (180 cm) (1.85 m) Weight (approx)90 Kgs Hair ColorBlack Eye ColorDark Brown Family & Relationships Father Rajesh Raina MotherSweeti Raina SiblingsNone Marital StatusUnmarried GirlfriendNot known Career ProfessionComedian and YouTuber Famous forComedy and Chess streamer Samay Raina’s Comedy Career: He first wanted to be a musician (specifically a guitarist), but things didn’t go his way. He then tried more stuff like writing, blogging, etc., but things didn’t work out for him again. Later, while he was persuading his engineering, he started doing stand-ups, although not professionally. He used to perform at college fests. In 2017, one of his friends asked him to participate in a standup competition where the winner will get the chance to perform at the Pune Comedy Festival. He finished second in the contest and lost his opportunity to perform with comedians like Biswa Kalyan Rath, Kanan Gill, Abhishek Upmanyu, and others. However, a good thing that happened to him was that he started doing open-mics regularly at different venues after that. Soon, Samay started performing opening acts for other comedians too. The Joint winner of Comicstaan: Later, he participated in Comicstaan season 2; a standup comedy series aired on Amazon Prime. Comedians like Biswa, Kanan, Kaneez, Kenny, Neeti, Sumukhi, and Zakir mentored and judged the contestants. There were ten participants in the show including, Rohan, Shreeja, Joel, and others. However, none of the mentioned participants were able to reach the finals. Raina with Comicstaan participants Aakash Gupta and Samay were the combined winners of the show. Raunaq and Sumit Saurav finished in the second and the third position, respectively. So far, he has uploaded only two three of his standup bits on his YouTube channel. The first one is to tell that videos are “coming soon,” and the other is to justify his first video’s title. It took him around 11 months to release his third bit, it was pretty “relaxing,” though. Samay – The Chess Boomer in India: Samay Raina started streaming on YouTube after Tanmay Bhat (YouTuber, writer, and co-founder of AIB) asked him to run his own channel. He followed the instructions, and when most of the Indian Youtubers were streaming different online games, he started streaming chess which was quite rare till 2020. Samay with IM Sagar Shah His first chess stream came on March 23, 2020. His initial streams didn’t get a lot of views, obviously because of fewer subscribers. Also, it’s pretty hard for an average person to understand the sport very quickly. Comedians on Board: Soon after some chess steams, the standup comic organized an online chess tournament for comedians. Akash Mehta won the tournament, but guess who the real winner was? It was Samay Raina for sure, as more people started watching his streams and slowly getting the hang of the game. He then started streaming chess quite regularly along with comedians including Vaibhav Sethia, Biswa, and Upmanyu. He would get chess personalities on his streams and play chess with them. His initial guests were with the likes of Agadmator (YouTube chess streamer), GM Vidit Gujrathi, GM Nihal Sarin, and cricketer Yuzvendra Chahal. Chess for Charity: But the turning point for him as a chess streamer was his first charity stream, which many professional chess players applauded. During the lockdown, he did a charity stream for the waste pickers’ community. Samay with GM Viswanathan Anand The first Indian Grand Master and Five times world champion Viswanathan Anand also joined the stream along with Vidit, Nihal, IM Tania Sachdev, and Samay’s comedian friends. He raised around nine lakhs INR through his four-hour-long stream and donated it for the welfare of the waste pickers living in Delhi. He later did another charity stream for helping out the dancers’ community and stray dogs during the pandemic. Samay Streaming Official Chess Tournaments: The comedian then continued his chess streaming by introducing more chess players like GM Adhiban Baskaran and IM Sagar Shah (co-founder of Chessbase India) to his audience. Later, he live-streamed the World Online Chess Cup in May 2020. India finished fifth in the tournament. It was definitely high-level chess for his audience, but the commentary done by his then-new friend Sagar made it slightly easier for the viewers. The Olympiad: The combo of Sagar Shah and Samay Raina certainly helped people understand chess more interestingly. Then, the Online Chess Olympiad happened in August 2020. Both Samay and Sagar streamed the online tournament on their respective Youtube channels. The Indian chess team played with Vishy Anand, P Harikrishna, Koneru Humpy, Dronavalli Harika, Divya Deshmukh, Nihal Sarin, etc. Vidit Gujrathi led the team, and the vice-captain of the group was GM Srinath Narayanan. Samay with the 2020 Indian Olympiad team India and Russia played the final of the tournament. And more than 70,000 people viewed the final match live on Samay’s YouTube channel who just started streaming chess a few months back. He’s not even a professional chess player. Who would have thought that? No one. Not even IM Sagar Shah, who himself has been covering tournaments like this for many years. Both India and Russia were declared the joint winners due to a server outage across the country. It was India’s first-ever gold at the Olympiad. The interesting fact is that the result of the final match was first announced by a FIDE official on his channel only. Chess with Grandmasters: He has done chess streams with great chess players, including many Grandmasters (GM) and International Masters (IM). Not just with Indian players, but Samay has shared the screen with top chess players from around the world like Garry Kasparov, Vladimir Kramnik, Judit Polgar, Daniel King, Cemil Can, and Robert Hess. Samay Raina with Magnus, Anish & Teimour Again, not just that, but he has streamed with some of the current top chess players in the world, including Magnus Carlsen (five-time World Chess Champion from Norway), Anish Giri (Dutch No. 1), and Teimour Radjabov (Azerbaijan). India’s Got Latent (IGL): After numerous streams and stand-up comedy shows, Samay Raina introduced a live show called “India’s Got Latent” in 2024. Online TV streaming services Although the name is inspired by the “Got Talent” franchise, the format is quite different, and the language is not suitable for kids. It’s kind of a mix of “Got Talent” and “Kill Tony”. The show features four judges (or five), no host, minimal space, a modest budget, and a lot of fun. It highlights unexpected latent talent and sometimes genuine talent. Unlike the traditional format, there are no disqualifications here. Contestants write their score (out of 10) on a piece of paper before their performance. They must perform their act (literally anything that can be streamed on YouTube) within a certain time frame. After the performance, the judges score them. If the average score of the judges matches the score the contestant gave themselves, the contestant wins. The prize is the total revenue earned from ticket sales for that show. If there are two winners, the prize money is divided equally between them. It’s a hilarious show that everyone is enjoying. Not just the live audience, but also the contestants and the people watching online. The unique format and spontaneous fun are making it a hit with everyone. I just hope this time no one comes up with something like, “Don’t do this in the name of talent.” Latent Controversy: Well, the last line didn’t age well. And indeed, in February 2025, someone did come forward, asking telling them not to do this. Not just one person, but the police of several states, some MLAs, a few organizations, and the general public (both memers and humans) on X (formerly Twitter), as well as some people outside the Habitat (the stand-up comedy venue where IGL was shot). The show gained even more attention after a clip went viral in which YouTuber Ranveer Allahbadia (aka Beer Biceps) asked a hypothetical “vulgar” question to a contestant. I can’t write the question here because of its vulgarity, but it has been asked multiple times before. At least twice – once by Sammy Walsh (OG Crew, an Australian YouTube show) and another time by stand-up comic Kanan Gill. Ranveer apologized immediately, but it was too late. The Maharashtra Cyber Cell was the first to register an FIR against the panel of that episode, which included Samay, Ranveer, Apoorva Mukhija (aka The Rebel Kid, content creator), Ashish Chanchlani (YouTuber), and Jaspreet Singh (stand-up comedian). Later, everyone who had appeared as a judge on the show at any point was summoned. Eventually, all participants were also called in by the Cyber Cell. Afterward, many people came out in support, stating “free speech,” and argued that enforcing laws for a “vulgar question” is unnecessary. Amidst all this, Samay deleted all his public and members-only videos related to IGL. Facts about Samay Raina: He is a big fan of Eminem. Samay Raina is by far the only person in this world who has an ‘M’ title (Master, I guess) on Chess.com. The stand-up comedian is quite popular as Blunder Master (BM); however, his chess skills do not justify the tag he gave to himself. Samay with Suhani, Karan, and Gamerfleet. He also streams used to stream other fun games like Pokémon, Devour, Fall Guys, Propnight etc. His favorite standup comics are Abhishek Upmanyu and Norm MacDonald. The stand-up comic makes donations every month with the help of his YouTube members. Apart from streaming and all, he occasionally uploads vlogs on his channel. He is the winner of the 2021 COB All-Stars. Also, in 2021, he won the Botez Bullet Invitational and donated the prize money for charity. Samay and Sagar Shah organized and hosted a chess league titled Chess Super League in 2021. In January 2025, Samay appeared on the popular Indian quiz show “Kaun Banega Crorepati”, hosted by the legendary Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan, along with Tanmay Bhat, Bhuvan Bam, and Kamiya Jani. How did the comedian get into Chess? Samay used to play chess with his grandfather when he was in school. Later, he even participated in some chess tournaments where he discovered his new skills regarding the sport. Apart from that, he learned Chess at his school as an extracurricular activity. Frequently asked questions on Google: Who are the siblings of Samay Raina?He has no siblings.What is the height of Samay Raina?Approx 5ft. 11″ (1.80 m or 185 cm)What is the age of Samay Raina?28 years 1 months (in December, 2025Who is the girlfriend of Samay Raina?‘Girlfriend reveal’ of stand-up comedian Samay Raina is yet to happen. Social Media Accounts: Gigi Hadid Rachel Sennott Maisie Adam Chloe Fineman Annalisa Cochrane Vincent Martela Anjali Arora I hope you liked the Biography of stand-up comedian Samay Raina and if you have any queries regarding this post, let us know in the comment box. Explore the journey of notable figures through our curated selection of Biographies. If you find it engaging, kindly share it with your social circle. Thank you. Liked it? Share it: Share on Facebook Share on X (Twitter) Share on Reddit Share on WhatsApp Share on Pinterest Share on Telegram
Samay Raina Biography – The standup comedian from Kashmir who revolutionized chess in India!
Samay Raina was born on October 26, 1997, in Jammu, India. His father’s name is Rajesh Raina, who is a Journalist. He has worked with media broadcasters like Doordarshan. His mother’s name is Sweeti Raina. She left her job in order to raise their only child.
He is a Kashmiri Hindu, and like other Kashmiri Pandits, his family also left their home during the exodus to save their lives, shifted to Delhi, and settled in Hyderabad later.
He did his primary education at Ramadevi Public School. Then, he completed his schooling at Hyderabad Public School.
Later, he graduated in Printing Engineering from the famous Pune Vidhyarthi Griha’s College Of Engineering And Technology.
He first wanted to be a musician (specifically a guitarist), but things didn’t go his way. He then tried more stuff like writing, blogging, etc., but things didn’t work out for him again.
Later, while he was persuading his engineering, he started doing stand-ups, although not professionally. He used to perform at college fests.
In 2017, one of his friends asked him to participate in a standup competition where the winner will get the chance to perform at the Pune Comedy Festival. He finished second in the contest and lost his opportunity to perform with comedians like Biswa Kalyan Rath, Kanan Gill, Abhishek Upmanyu, and others.
However, a good thing that happened to him was that he started doing open-mics regularly at different venues after that. Soon, Samay started performing opening acts for other comedians too.
Later, he participated in Comicstaan season 2; a standup comedy series aired on Amazon Prime. Comedians like Biswa, Kanan, Kaneez, Kenny, Neeti, Sumukhi, and Zakir mentored and judged the contestants.
There were ten participants in the show including, Rohan, Shreeja, Joel, and others. However, none of the mentioned participants were able to reach the finals.
Aakash Gupta and Samay were the combined winners of the show. Raunaq and Sumit Saurav finished in the second and the third position, respectively.
So far, he has uploaded only two three of his standup bits on his YouTube channel. The first one is to tell that videos are “coming soon,” and the other is to justify his first video’s title. It took him around 11 months to release his third bit, it was pretty “relaxing,” though.
Samay Raina started streaming on YouTube after Tanmay Bhat (YouTuber, writer, and co-founder of AIB) asked him to run his own channel.
He followed the instructions, and when most of the Indian Youtubers were streaming different online games, he started streaming chess which was quite rare till 2020.
His first chess stream came on March 23, 2020. His initial streams didn’t get a lot of views, obviously because of fewer subscribers. Also, it’s pretty hard for an average person to understand the sport very quickly.
Soon after some chess steams, the standup comic organized an online chess tournament for comedians. Akash Mehta won the tournament, but guess who the real winner was? It was Samay Raina for sure, as more people started watching his streams and slowly getting the hang of the game.
He then started streaming chess quite regularly along with comedians including Vaibhav Sethia, Biswa, and Upmanyu.
He would get chess personalities on his streams and play chess with them. His initial guests were with the likes of Agadmator (YouTube chess streamer), GM Vidit Gujrathi, GM Nihal Sarin, and cricketer Yuzvendra Chahal.
But the turning point for him as a chess streamer was his first charity stream, which many professional chess players applauded. During the lockdown, he did a charity stream for the waste pickers’ community.
The first Indian Grand Master and Five times world champion Viswanathan Anand also joined the stream along with Vidit, Nihal, IM Tania Sachdev, and Samay’s comedian friends. He raised around nine lakhs INR through his four-hour-long stream and donated it for the welfare of the waste pickers living in Delhi.
He later did another charity stream for helping out the dancers’ community and stray dogs during the pandemic.
Samay Streaming Official Chess Tournaments:
The comedian then continued his chess streaming by introducing more chess players like GM Adhiban Baskaran and IM Sagar Shah (co-founder of Chessbase India) to his audience. Later, he live-streamed the World Online Chess Cup in May 2020.
India finished fifth in the tournament. It was definitely high-level chess for his audience, but the commentary done by his then-new friend Sagar made it slightly easier for the viewers.
The combo of Sagar Shah and Samay Raina certainly helped people understand chess more interestingly. Then, the Online Chess Olympiad happened in August 2020.
Both Samay and Sagar streamed the online tournament on their respective Youtube channels. The Indian chess team played with Vishy Anand, P Harikrishna, Koneru Humpy, Dronavalli Harika, Divya Deshmukh, Nihal Sarin, etc.
Vidit Gujrathi led the team, and the vice-captain of the group was GM Srinath Narayanan.
India and Russia played the final of the tournament. And more than 70,000 people viewed the final match live on Samay’s YouTube channel who just started streaming chess a few months back. He’s not even a professional chess player.
Who would have thought that? No one. Not even IM Sagar Shah, who himself has been covering tournaments like this for many years.
Both India and Russia were declared the joint winners due to a server outage across the country. It was India’s first-ever gold at the Olympiad. The interesting fact is that the result of the final match was first announced by a FIDE official on his channel only.
He has done chess streams with great chess players, including many Grandmasters (GM) and International Masters (IM). Not just with Indian players, but Samay has shared the screen with top chess players from around the world like Garry Kasparov, Vladimir Kramnik, Judit Polgar, Daniel King, Cemil Can, and Robert Hess.
Again, not just that, but he has streamed with some of the current top chess players in the world, including Magnus Carlsen (five-time World Chess Champion from Norway), Anish Giri (Dutch No. 1), and Teimour Radjabov (Azerbaijan).
After numerous streams and stand-up comedy shows, Samay Raina introduced a live show called “India’s Got Latent” in 2024.
Although the name is inspired by the “Got Talent” franchise, the format is quite different, and the language is not suitable for kids. It’s kind of a mix of “Got Talent” and “Kill Tony”.
The show features four judges (or five), no host, minimal space, a modest budget, and a lot of fun. It highlights unexpected latent talent and sometimes genuine talent. Unlike the traditional format, there are no disqualifications here.
Contestants write their score (out of 10) on a piece of paper before their performance. They must perform their act (literally anything that can be streamed on YouTube) within a certain time frame.
After the performance, the judges score them. If the average score of the judges matches the score the contestant gave themselves, the contestant wins.
The prize is the total revenue earned from ticket sales for that show. If there are two winners, the prize money is divided equally between them.
It’s a hilarious show that everyone is enjoying. Not just the live audience, but also the contestants and the people watching online.
The unique format and spontaneous fun are making it a hit with everyone. I just hope this time no one comes up with something like, “Don’t do this in the name of talent.”
Well, the last line didn’t age well. And indeed, in February 2025, someone did come forward, asking telling them not to do this.
Not just one person, but the police of several states, some MLAs, a few organizations, and the general public (both memers and humans) on X (formerly Twitter), as well as some people outside the Habitat (the stand-up comedy venue where IGL was shot).
The show gained even more attention after a clip went viral in which YouTuber Ranveer Allahbadia (aka Beer Biceps) asked a hypothetical “vulgar” question to a contestant.
I can’t write the question here because of its vulgarity, but it has been asked multiple times before. At least twice – once by Sammy Walsh (OG Crew, an Australian YouTube show) and another time by stand-up comic Kanan Gill.
Ranveer apologized immediately, but it was too late.
The Maharashtra Cyber Cell was the first to register an FIR against the panel of that episode, which included Samay, Ranveer, Apoorva Mukhija (aka The Rebel Kid, content creator), Ashish Chanchlani (YouTuber), and Jaspreet Singh (stand-up comedian).
Later, everyone who had appeared as a judge on the show at any point was summoned. Eventually, all participants were also called in by the Cyber Cell.
Afterward, many people came out in support, stating “free speech,” and argued that enforcing laws for a “vulgar question” is unnecessary.
Amidst all this, Samay deleted all his public and members-only videos related to IGL.
Samay Raina is by far the only person in this world who has an ‘M’ title (Master, I guess) on Chess.com.
The stand-up comedian is quite popular as Blunder Master (BM); however, his chess skills do not justify the tag he gave to himself.
He also streams used to stream other fun games like Pokémon, Devour, Fall Guys, Propnight etc.
His favorite standup comics are Abhishek Upmanyu and Norm MacDonald.
The stand-up comic makes donations every month with the help of his YouTube members.
Apart from streaming and all, he occasionally uploads vlogs on his channel.
He is the winner of the 2021 COB All-Stars.
Also, in 2021, he won the Botez Bullet Invitational and donated the prize money for charity.
Samay and Sagar Shah organized and hosted a chess league titled Chess Super League in 2021.
In January 2025, Samay appeared on the popular Indian quiz show “Kaun Banega Crorepati”, hosted by the legendary Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan, along with Tanmay Bhat, Bhuvan Bam, and Kamiya Jani.
Samay used to play chess with his grandfather when he was in school. Later, he even participated in some chess tournaments where he discovered his new skills regarding the sport.
Apart from that, he learned Chess at his school as an extracurricular activity.
Who are the siblings of Samay Raina?He has no siblings.
What is the height of Samay Raina?Approx 5ft. 11″ (1.80 m or 185 cm)
What is the age of Samay Raina?28 years 1 months (in December, 2025
Who is the girlfriend of Samay Raina?‘Girlfriend reveal’ of stand-up comedian Samay Raina is yet to happen.
‘Girlfriend reveal’ of stand-up comedian Samay Raina is yet to happen.
I hope you liked the Biography of stand-up comedian Samay Raina and if you have any queries regarding this post, let us know in the comment box.
Explore the journey of notable figures through our curated selection of Biographies. If you find it engaging, kindly share it with your social circle. Thank you.
1 thought on “Samay Raina Biography, Age, Height, Family, Girlfriend, Chess & Facts”
Bhai Samay Raina ka weight update karo koi!! 110 kilo ka honewala hai abhiFamily games Reply
Bhai Samay Raina ka weight update karo koi!! 110 kilo ka honewala hai abhi


--- SOURCE: https://www.digitalgabbar.com/bio/samay-raina-biography/ ---
(Image Source: Social Media Sites) SHARE Samay Raina is an Indian stand-up comedian, YouTuber, and chess streamer known for his unique humor and love for chess. He gained widespread recognition through his comedy performances and online chess collaborations with top grandmasters. Profession(s)Stand-up Comedian, YouTuber, Chess StreamerHometownJammu, India Samay Raina Bio/Wiki NameSamay RainaReal NameSamay RainaProfession(s)Stand-up Comedian, YouTuber, Chess StreamerNick NameSamay Samay Raina Physical Stats & More Heightin Feet Inches- 5’ 10”Eye ColourBlackWeight70 kgHair ColourBlack Samay Raina Personal Life Date of BirthOctober 26, 1997Age (as of 2024)27 YearsBirthplaceJammu, IndiaZodiac signScorpioReligionHinduismNationalityIndianHometownJammu, IndiaEthnicityIndianEducationB.Tech in EngineeringLanguageHindi, EnglishHobbyChess, Stand-up Comedy, Streaming Samay Raina Relationships & More Marital StatusUnmarried Girlfriend NA (Image Source: Social Media Sites) Samay Raina Family BrotherNot AvailableParentsNames not publicly known Some Known Facts About Samay Raina Career Start: Samay Raina started his career as a stand-up comedian and won Comicstaan Season 2. Rise to Fame: He gained fame during the COVID-19 lockdown by streaming chess games on YouTube with top Indian grandmasters like Viswanathan Anand and Vidit Gujrathi. Chess Influence: He played a crucial role in popularizing chess among Indian audiences through his entertaining streams. Philanthropy: He has organized multiple charity chess streams to raise funds for various causes. Comedy & YouTube: Apart from stand-up, he creates humorous content and collaborates with other comedians and streamers. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Samay Raina (@maisamayhoon) Muskan Karia Biography Net Worth, Age, Family, Boyfriend & More Samay Raina Social Accounts Instagram: @maisamayhoon YouTube: Samay Raina FAQs Who is Samay Raina? Samay Raina is an Indian stand-up comedian, YouTuber, and chess streamer known for his humor and chess content. What is Samay Raina’s age? As of 2024, Samay Raina is 27 years old. Nirmal Kapoor Biography Net Worth, Age, Family, Husband & More What is Samay Raina’s real name? Samay Raina’s real name is Samay Raina. What is Samay Raina’s nationality? Samay Raina is Indian. How did Samay Raina become famous? He became famous after winning Comicstaan Season 2 and later gained massive popularity for his chess streams on YouTube. DISCLAIMER: The above information is sourced from various websites/ media reports. This website does not guarantee a 100% accuracy of the figures. TAGGED:BiographySamay RainaSamay Raina Biography Follow On Google News Follow Now WhatsApp Follow Now Telegram Follow Now For Entertainment News, Bollywood Updates, Movie Reviews, Television Show and much more. Share This Article Facebook Whatsapp Whatsapp Telegram Copy Link Popular News Influencer Sweet Zannat: Truth Behind the Viral MMS Video That Shocked Social Media Viral News 19-Minute MMS Chaos: Internet Flooded as Lookalike Girl Denies Viral Video Claim Viral News 19-Minute Viral Video Sparks Chaos Online; Suicide Rumors Trigger Massive Outrage Viral News Lookalike Girl’s Life Turns Upside Down After 19-Minute Clip Storms Internet Viral News
Samay Raina is an Indian stand-up comedian, YouTuber, and chess streamer known for his unique humor and love for chess. He gained widespread recognition through his comedy performances and online chess collaborations with top grandmasters.
Career Start: Samay Raina started his career as a stand-up comedian and won Comicstaan Season 2.
Rise to Fame: He gained fame during the COVID-19 lockdown by streaming chess games on YouTube with top Indian grandmasters like Viswanathan Anand and Vidit Gujrathi.
Chess Influence: He played a crucial role in popularizing chess among Indian audiences through his entertaining streams.
Philanthropy: He has organized multiple charity chess streams to raise funds for various causes.
Comedy & YouTube: Apart from stand-up, he creates humorous content and collaborates with other comedians and streamers.
A post shared by Samay Raina (@maisamayhoon)
Samay Raina is an Indian stand-up comedian, YouTuber, and chess streamer known for his humor and chess content.
He became famous after winning Comicstaan Season 2 and later gained massive popularity for his chess streams on YouTube.
DISCLAIMER: The above information is sourced from various websites/ media reports. This website does not guarantee a 100% accuracy of the figures.
For Entertainment News, Bollywood Updates, Movie Reviews, Television Show and much more.
Influencer Sweet Zannat: Truth Behind the Viral MMS Video That Shocked Social Media
19-Minute MMS Chaos: Internet Flooded as Lookalike Girl Denies Viral Video Claim
19-Minute Viral Video Sparks Chaos Online; Suicide Rumors Trigger Massive Outrage
Lookalike Girl’s Life Turns Upside Down After 19-Minute Clip Storms Internet
Sai Pallavi (Actress) Height, Age , Family, Biography & More
Jannat Zubair Biography (Actress) Net Worth, Age, Family, Boyfriend & More
Shivya Nath Biography- Net Worth, Age, Family, Boyfriend & More


--- SOURCE: https://electronics.howstuffworks.com/tech/streaming-video-and-audio.htm ---
The Netflix logo seen displayed on a smartphone screen. The quality of your viewing experience will depend a lot on your internet speed. Rafael Henrique/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images Streaming has become such a commonplace amenity of modern living, it can be hard to imagine someone unfamiliar with the concept. However, it wasn't so long ago that it was common to ask the question: What is streaming? Advertisement Contents Internet Video Streaming: A Brief History The Current Landscape of Streaming Finding and Playing Streaming Video and Audio Encoding Streaming Media Video and Audio Streaming Customers Internet Video Streaming: A Brief History When the internet first caught on with consumers in the mid-to-late 1990s, people had to buy a modem, hook it up to their computer and a phone line and dial the phone number for their local internet service provider (ISP). Connections were miserably slow. Audio Streaming The web was not designed to stream audio or video when it was first created in the 1960s, but enterprising developers found a way to help customers listen to real, live audio, and the first live audio streaming event was broadcast on Sept. 5, 1995, for a game between the Seattle Mariners and New York Yankees. Advertisement At first, there wasn't a lot of long-form content. Between maddeningly slow connections and glitchy software, no one was going to sit down to watch a movie on their home computer. Video Streaming In just a few short years, technologies improved to make streaming video and audio more of an everyday occurrence. Streaming services like Netflix and Hulu delivered live movies and television. Content creators such as Paramount and Disney started their own video streaming networks, and tech giants like Apple and Amazon joined in. You can now watch old classic TV shows or the latest movies on demand. Overtaking Cable and Radio Streaming audio has matured as well. You can listen to live sports around the world, or turn your computer or smartphone into a custom radio channel with music streaming services like Tidal, Apple Music, Deezer, Pandora and Spotify. People commute to work or the grocery store listening to true-crime podcasts or the latest audiobooks. In the last decade, audio and video streaming became popular enough to encourage cable and satellite TV providers to "cut the cord" and canceled their cable or satellite TV subscriptions for cheaper streaming options. In June 2021, media research company Nielsen revealed that video streaming has become more popular than over-the-air TV in the United States. Streaming services' share of the market was 26 percent to over-the-air TV's 25 percent. That may not seem like much, especially when cable TV still had 39 percent of the market, but streaming media is likely to continue to grow, and cable subscriptions likely to decline. Advertisement The Current Landscape of Streaming Currently, video streaming isn't limited to TV and movies. In fact, more and more streaming content is in short-form video, such as YouTube and TikTok. With the explosion of fast wireless internet connections, a lot of video streaming occurs on mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. You may have participated in a live streaming broadcast yourself. During the COVID-19 pandemic many people tuned in for remote meetings or online classes. Tools like Zoom, Microsoft Teams or Google Meet can handle live audio and video streaming simultaneously in one broadcast. Advertisement It's a little like when the telephone companies promised us videophones in the mid-20th century, only better. Finding and Playing Streaming Video and Audio A sample of the channels you can access through Roku. Tiffany Hagler-Geard/Bloomberg via Getty Images If you're brand-new to streaming, you'll need a high-speed internet connection. You'll also need a device to enjoy the video or audio content on; that could be a smartphone, a computer, a tablet or a TV. Access via App vs. Web Browser Computers may be the easiest to set up for streaming. You can access the websites for many audio and video streaming services and enjoy the media right in your browser window. You may also find a dedicated desktop application for a streaming service. Advertisement Although smartphones and tablets have web browsers, you're far more likely to use an app developed specifically for that particular service. If you wanted to watch or listen to a live game in progress, you might open the ESPN app. To hear the news, you might listen to TuneIn Radio, which offers live and recorded broadcasts from all over the world. Subscription Services Many services require paid subscriptions, but many others are ad-supported or completely free. For streaming audio, most people rely either on go to the website of the program in question or to a podcast platform which has a host of programs, like Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, Spotify or Stitcher. These can be found on your smartphone. Smart TVs and Streaming Devices TVs require specific hardware and software to access streaming services. Often this is a device you plug into a port on the television such as Roku, Amazon FireStick or Google Chromecast — something that allows your TV to access the apps for live streaming content. If you have a smart TV, this hardware is already built in. If you have a Smart TV, just switch it on, go to the "Apps" section and you'll see an operating system designed to run streaming apps for Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, PlutoTV, YouTube and many more. The most popular apps are usually pre-installed but your device or TV will let you download new apps as well. (If you still subscribe to a cable service, the newer cable boxes allow you to stream videos and apps through them, too.) Opening a Streaming Program Once you've selected the app you want, you'll see an array of programs, along with descriptions and ratings. You just click on the show you want to get started. If it is a paid app (like Netflix, Hulu or Amazon) you'll have to create an account or sign in if you already created an account and paid for the service online. The good news is once you've signed in, the streaming app will save that information so you don't have to do it again. Most apps have an interface that lets you choose your favorite shows and browse others. With on-demand streaming you can watch one at a time, or "binge-watch" several in a row. You can pause the show to get something from the kitchen, usually even for live events like sports. Streaming media's flexibility is one of the key reasons it has become so popular. Advertisement Encoding Streaming Media Demi Lovato performs during the Celebrating America Primetime Special on Jan. 20, 2021. The livestreamed event hosted by Tom Hanks featured remarks by president-elect Joe Biden and vice president-elect Kamala Harris and performances representing diverse American talent. Handout/Biden Inaugural Committee via Getty Images Streaming providers must determine the best way to get their content to your device in a way that's easy for you to use. Grasping the Concept High-quality images, audio and video files often start out very large. Although still imagines aren't streaming, as an easy-to-imagine example, let's say your smartphone has a 12-megapixel camera. A still photo you take with that camera has a print size of 9.7 by 14.5 inches (17.8 by 36.8 cm). Advertisement That's larger than you need for a quick social media snapshot, but the larger file size means you can use the photo for other things, in this case perhaps a poster. Our phones create bigger sound, video and image files because it's generally a better idea to create a large file and shrink it down. It's harder to enlarge a smaller media file with a high-quality result. Why Streaming Media Format and Compression Matter Streaming providers use file formats that maximize quality over typical internet speeds. Compressing them is done using codecs, instructions for coding and decoding visual and audio information in a standard file format. Lossless formats capture more of the original file's fidelity but have larger file sizes. Many formats, however, are lossy; they remove some of the information in the file but attempt to keep as much of the original as possible. To compress audio and video files, a lossy-format codec may identify parts of the video that it can copy and apply later in the show. It deletes the redundant information to keep the file size down. Downsides of Compression Codecs may also reduce the number of colors in the video, lower the resolution of the video or reduce its frame rate. Lossy audio codecs may remove frequencies from the original recording that most people can't hear, around 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz. While that may help save on streaming bandwidth, it can cause problems, too. You may have experienced some side effects of file compression while you watch a show if images seem washed out or pixilated. If you're running with your earbuds in, you may not hear a heavily compressed music file, but with nice headphones, you just might. Advertisement Video and Audio Streaming Customers This detail of a TV remote control shows various streaming platform buttons on Dec. 16, 2020 in Krakow, Poland. Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images What happens to the streaming video and audio at your end? On smartphones and tablets, we're often using a proprietary application designed by the streamer that takes care of the business for us. If you tune in to a Disney+ stream on your phone, you don't have to worry about whether you'll be able to watch it. In a web browser, however, streaming works a little differently. Advertisement Your computer and internet connection affect how well the media stream works on your machine. With the release of HTML 5 — the language webpages are written in — streaming providers can embed audio and video files in their webpages without forcing you to rely on browser plugins. Smart TVs and devices that plug in to TVs, such as a Roku or Apple TV, have their own operating systems and dedicated apps for streaming services. It's a lot like the experience on a smartphone or tablet. Your experience may vary on the deals streamers and hardware manufacturers work out — or don't — among themselves. In 2021 Roku removed YouTube TV from its channel store in a contract dispute. The device you own and the internet service you subscribe to may affect which content you can access, for good or bad. Advertisement Streaming Video FAQ What is streaming, and how does it work? Streaming is a method of watching videos or listening to audio content without the need to download the media files before watching. When you stream video and audio, information travels in a stream of data from a server. The decoder, which is a stand-alone player or a plugin, works as part of a web browser. The server, information stream and decoder then work together to allow you to watch live or prerecorded broadcasts. What is a streaming service for TV? A streaming service for TV is the digital distribution of television content, usually TV shows, over the internet. The video content is then played on user devices as streaming media. Ever since the launch of YouTube and Netflix, there's been a substantial increase in the use of streaming web television. What is a live streaming platform? A live streaming platform is a video hosting platform that allows you to upload and broadcast video content for viewers. Do you need internet for streaming TV? Yes, you need a reliable internet connection, a device to stream on and some streaming content of your choice to watch. Do you have to pay for streaming? There are many streaming platforms like Netflix and Hulu for which you have to pay a subscription fee to watch their video content. However, if your budget doesn't allow, there also are many options that allow you to stream videos and movies free as they are mostly supported by ads.
Streaming has become such a commonplace amenity of modern living, it can be hard to imagine someone unfamiliar with the concept. However, it wasn't so long ago that it was common to ask the question: What is streaming?
Internet Video Streaming: A Brief History
Finding and Playing Streaming Video and Audio
When the internet first caught on with consumers in the mid-to-late 1990s, people had to buy a modem, hook it up to their computer and a phone line and dial the phone number for their local internet service provider (ISP). Connections were miserably slow.
The web was not designed to stream audio or video when it was first created in the 1960s, but enterprising developers found a way to help customers listen to real, live audio, and the first live audio streaming event was broadcast on Sept. 5, 1995, for a game between the Seattle Mariners and New York Yankees.
At first, there wasn't a lot of long-form content. Between maddeningly slow connections and glitchy software, no one was going to sit down to watch a movie on their home computer.
In just a few short years, technologies improved to make streaming video and audio more of an everyday occurrence.
Streaming services like Netflix and Hulu delivered live movies and television. Content creators such as Paramount and Disney started their own video streaming networks, and tech giants like Apple and Amazon joined in. You can now watch old classic TV shows or the latest movies on demand.
Streaming audio has matured as well. You can listen to live sports around the world, or turn your computer or smartphone into a custom radio channel with music streaming services like Tidal, Apple Music, Deezer, Pandora and Spotify. People commute to work or the grocery store listening to true-crime podcasts or the latest audiobooks.
In the last decade, audio and video streaming became popular enough to encourage cable and satellite TV providers to "cut the cord" and canceled their cable or satellite TV subscriptions for cheaper streaming options.
In June 2021, media research company Nielsen revealed that video streaming has become more popular than over-the-air TV in the United States.
Streaming services' share of the market was 26 percent to over-the-air TV's 25 percent. That may not seem like much, especially when cable TV still had 39 percent of the market, but streaming media is likely to continue to grow, and cable subscriptions likely to decline.
Currently, video streaming isn't limited to TV and movies. In fact, more and more streaming content is in short-form video, such as YouTube and TikTok. With the explosion of fast wireless internet connections, a lot of video streaming occurs on mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets.
You may have participated in a live streaming broadcast yourself. During the COVID-19 pandemic many people tuned in for remote meetings or online classes. Tools like Zoom, Microsoft Teams or Google Meet can handle live audio and video streaming simultaneously in one broadcast.
It's a little like when the telephone companies promised us videophones in the mid-20th century, only better.
If you're brand-new to streaming, you'll need a high-speed internet connection. You'll also need a device to enjoy the video or audio content on; that could be a smartphone, a computer, a tablet or a TV.
Computers may be the easiest to set up for streaming. You can access the websites for many audio and video streaming services and enjoy the media right in your browser window. You may also find a dedicated desktop application for a streaming service.
Although smartphones and tablets have web browsers, you're far more likely to use an app developed specifically for that particular service. If you wanted to watch or listen to a live game in progress, you might open the ESPN app. To hear the news, you might listen to TuneIn Radio, which offers live and recorded broadcasts from all over the world.
Many services require paid subscriptions, but many others are ad-supported or completely free. For streaming audio, most people rely either on go to the website of the program in question or to a podcast platform which has a host of programs, like Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, Spotify or Stitcher. These can be found on your smartphone.
TVs require specific hardware and software to access streaming services. Often this is a device you plug into a port on the television such as Roku, Amazon FireStick or Google Chromecast — something that allows your TV to access the apps for live streaming content. If you have a smart TV, this hardware is already built in.
If you have a Smart TV, just switch it on, go to the "Apps" section and you'll see an operating system designed to run streaming apps for Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, PlutoTV, YouTube and many more.
The most popular apps are usually pre-installed but your device or TV will let you download new apps as well. (If you still subscribe to a cable service, the newer cable boxes allow you to stream videos and apps through them, too.)
Once you've selected the app you want, you'll see an array of programs, along with descriptions and ratings. You just click on the show you want to get started.
If it is a paid app (like Netflix, Hulu or Amazon) you'll have to create an account or sign in if you already created an account and paid for the service online. The good news is once you've signed in, the streaming app will save that information so you don't have to do it again.
Most apps have an interface that lets you choose your favorite shows and browse others. With on-demand streaming you can watch one at a time, or "binge-watch" several in a row.
You can pause the show to get something from the kitchen, usually even for live events like sports. Streaming media's flexibility is one of the key reasons it has become so popular.
Streaming providers must determine the best way to get their content to your device in a way that's easy for you to use.
High-quality images, audio and video files often start out very large. Although still imagines aren't streaming, as an easy-to-imagine example, let's say your smartphone has a 12-megapixel camera. A still photo you take with that camera has a print size of 9.7 by 14.5 inches (17.8 by 36.8 cm).
That's larger than you need for a quick social media snapshot, but the larger file size means you can use the photo for other things, in this case perhaps a poster.
Our phones create bigger sound, video and image files because it's generally a better idea to create a large file and shrink it down. It's harder to enlarge a smaller media file with a high-quality result.
Why Streaming Media Format and Compression Matter
Streaming providers use file formats that maximize quality over typical internet speeds. Compressing them is done using codecs, instructions for coding and decoding visual and audio information in a standard file format.
Lossless formats capture more of the original file's fidelity but have larger file sizes. Many formats, however, are lossy; they remove some of the information in the file but attempt to keep as much of the original as possible.
To compress audio and video files, a lossy-format codec may identify parts of the video that it can copy and apply later in the show. It deletes the redundant information to keep the file size down.
Codecs may also reduce the number of colors in the video, lower the resolution of the video or reduce its frame rate. Lossy audio codecs may remove frequencies from the original recording that most people can't hear, around 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz.
While that may help save on streaming bandwidth, it can cause problems, too. You may have experienced some side effects of file compression while you watch a show if images seem washed out or pixilated.
If you're running with your earbuds in, you may not hear a heavily compressed music file, but with nice headphones, you just might.
What happens to the streaming video and audio at your end? On smartphones and tablets, we're often using a proprietary application designed by the streamer that takes care of the business for us. If you tune in to a Disney+ stream on your phone, you don't have to worry about whether you'll be able to watch it.
In a web browser, however, streaming works a little differently.
Your computer and internet connection affect how well the media stream works on your machine. With the release of HTML 5 — the language webpages are written in — streaming providers can embed audio and video files in their webpages without forcing you to rely on browser plugins.
Smart TVs and devices that plug in to TVs, such as a Roku or Apple TV, have their own operating systems and dedicated apps for streaming services. It's a lot like the experience on a smartphone or tablet.
Your experience may vary on the deals streamers and hardware manufacturers work out — or don't — among themselves. In 2021 Roku removed YouTube TV from its channel store in a contract dispute. The device you own and the internet service you subscribe to may affect which content you can access, for good or bad.
Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks.com article:


--- SOURCE: https://www.verizon.com/articles/internet-essentials/streaming-definition/ ---
Devices Devices Devices Smartphones Certified pre-owned phones Featured smartphones Featured smartphones Featured smartphones Apple iPhone 17 Pro Apple iPhone 17 Pro Max Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Google Pixel 10 Pro Upgrade your device Bring your own device Unlocked phones Other phones Trade in your device Tablets & laptops Watches Certified pre-owned watches Jetpacks & hotspots
Featured smartphones Featured smartphones Featured smartphones Apple iPhone 17 Pro Apple iPhone 17 Pro Max Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Google Pixel 10 Pro
Mobile plans Mobile plans Mobile plans Shop all plans Unlimited International & travel Connected devices Bring your own device Connected car plans
Home internet plans Home internet plans Home internet plans Shop all home solutions Fios Home Internet 5G Home Internet LTE Home Internet Wi-Fi Backup Home phone Fios TV Moving Fios accessories Fios accessories Fios accessories Accessories overview Shop all accessories Cables & connectors Networking & Wi-Fi TV accessories Phone equipment 5G Home accessories Verizon Forward
Fios accessories Fios accessories Fios accessories Accessories overview Shop all accessories Cables & connectors Networking & Wi-Fi TV accessories Phone equipment
Products & plan perks Products & plan perks Products & plan perks Shop all Plan perks Entertainment International & travel Family Protection Home products Mobile productivity Banking & cards
Accessories Accessories Accessories Shop all accessories Phone & tablet accessories Phone & tablet accessories Phone & tablet accessories Shop all Phone cases Phone screen protectors Tablet accessories Chargers & cables Phone attachments MagSafe compatible Verizon accessories Wearable tech Wearable tech Wearable tech Shop all wearable tech Smart watches Fitness trackers Watch accessories AI glasses Smart rings Charging Audio Gaming Smart home Deals
Phone & tablet accessories Phone & tablet accessories Phone & tablet accessories Shop all Phone cases Phone screen protectors Tablet accessories Chargers & cables Phone attachments MagSafe compatible Verizon accessories
Wearable tech Wearable tech Wearable tech Shop all wearable tech Smart watches Fitness trackers Watch accessories AI glasses Smart rings
Prepaid plans Prepaid plans Prepaid plans Prepaid overview Plans Plans Plans Phone plans Smartwatch plans Tablet plans Hotspot & router plans International plans Devices Devices Devices Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets Hotspots & routers Basic phones Bring your own device Deals Deals Deals All deals Fios Home Internet Why Verizon Prepaid
Plans Plans Plans Phone plans Smartwatch plans Tablet plans Hotspot & router plans International plans
Devices Devices Devices Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets Hotspots & routers Basic phones Bring your own device
Deals Deals Deals All deals Fios Home Internet
The technology of transmitting audio and video files in a continuous flow over a wired or wireless internet connection.
What is streaming? Streaming refers to any media content – live or recorded – delivered to computers and mobile devices via the internet and played back in real time. Podcasts, webcasts, movies, TV shows and music videos are common forms of streaming content.
Music, video and other types of media files are prearranged and transmitted in sequential packets of data so they can be streamed instantaneously. And unlike traditional downloads that are stored on your device, media files are automatically deleted once you play them.
All you need to stream is a reliable and fast high speed internet connection, access or subscription to a streaming service or app, and a compatible device. See speed recommendations below.
Live streaming is the broadcast of an event over the internet as it happens. Awards shows, sports, boxing matches, video games and special one-time events are the most popular types of live streaming with an ever-growing menu of topics.
Social media platforms and others broadcast everything from celebrity events, promotions and lifestreaming to streaming between users. You can live stream on any compatible smartphone, tablet, TV, computer or gaming console with a relatively fast internet connection. And, with high-speed internet services, you can also enjoy events like a live stream AR concert.
There are a number of streaming devices available, each with their own unique features. Whether you want a hands-free option, ample internal storage, something affordable and/or 4K accessibility, there’s a streaming device for you. Search for reviews by reputable companies and consider alternate options such as a gaming console or a set-top box from your TV provider.
Verizon offers the Stream TV, which supports services like Disney+, Hulu, ESPN, Pluto TV, MLB TV, HBO, STARZ, Prime Video and Netflix. Compatible with 4K Ultra HD content,* it gives you 4 times the resolution of Full HD with a deeper and wider color range. Built-in Chromecast allows you to stream select videos, pictures and music from your phone to your TV. Customize your content by pinning your favorite apps or content to your home screen for easy browsing. Stream TV is easy to set up, allowing you to jump right into your next binge-watch.
If you have Fios, Fios TV One is a powerful all-in-one with voice remote and seamless Netflix integration to get to what you want to watch faster – including select shows in 4K quality.
*Requires viewing on 4K UHD-enabled device.
Now that you know how to stream and the devices you’ll need – what type of content are you going to stream? Netflix, YouTube TV and several others are still some of the best and most popular streaming services with apps you can access on the go -- many of which you can stream through Fios TV One and the new Verizon 5G Home Internet that’s available in select cities.
Verizon also offers a number of bundles featuring a wide selection of streaming services. The Disney Bundle offers Disney+, Hulu and ESPN+ in one convenient bundle that you can add to your home internet service.
Even more exciting is the growing number of streaming apps joining the ranks that will offer a world of new content. Variety is definitely the future of streaming apps with something for everyone.
As mentioned, streaming requires a certain amount of speed for optimal performance. Many video streaming services offer minimum speed recommendations based on quality of content resolution. The higher the resolution like 4K, the more speed is needed for virtually flawless music and movie streaming.
To maximize your entertainment experience and virtually eliminate lags and buffering, you’ll want the best internet for streaming. Fios fits the bill with speeds up to 940/880 Mbps with its Fios Gigabit Connection plan, while Verizon 5G Home Internet is spreading to select cities with speeds averaging around 300 Mbps. If you’re not ready for blistering speeds, Verizon High Speed Internet (DSL) is another option with speeds up to 15 Mbps.
To see recommended speed guidelines, visit the FCC website.
https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/reports/measuring-broadband-america/measuring-fixed-broadband-eleventh-report
https://www.usnews.com/360-reviews/services/internet-providers/satellite-internet#speed
The speed you need, from 5G home internet to fiber-optic internet services.
Test your download and upload speeds with this internet speed checker.
Find the fastest Verizon internet service available at your address.
See if you qualify for discounts on home internet.
This content is provided for information purposes only. All information included herein is subject to change without notice. Verizon is not responsible for any direct or indirect damages, arising from or related to use or reliance of the above content.


--- SOURCE: https://privacysavvy.com/geoblocking/streaming/what-is-streaming/ ---
This is an estimated reading time to let you know how long it will take you to read all the content on this particular PrivacySavvy.com page. However, it has a sneak peek, easy guide steps, and/or a quick list providing quick in-page navigations and easily-found answers if desired.
We are an information site that readers like you support. Purchases through links on our pages may yield affiliate revenue for us. We review and list tools and products without bias, regardless of potential commissions. Learn more.
Discover what is streaming and how it’s transforming the way we watch, listen, and access content -- no downloads, just instant entertainment anywhere.
Streaming is a convenient way to access your favorite entertainment media from the comfort of your home. Whether you want to catch up on your favorite movie or show, listen to your playlist, or watch a live event, streaming delivers whatever you need (and promptly). But do you know how this happens? Streaming involves various technologies that transmit data packets over the internet, delivering high-quality visuals and audio you enjoy. This article explains everything about streaming, how it works, its pros and cons, and more. Let’s explore. What is streaming? Streaming is how you watch and listen to media (video, audio, or live events) directly over the internet without having to download it. Instead of downloading the content file on your device, streaming delivers it in real time while you watch or listen. For example, you watch movies or series on Netflix without downloading them. An audio content example would be Spotify where you listen to songs or podcasts without saving them on your device. How does streaming work? Here is a step-by-step process on how streaming works: 1. Requesting content When start playing a video or music track, your device sends a request to the server that hosts the content. The server had the media file stored and is ready to dispense it as soon as you request it. Chunking the data Rather than sending the whole media file at once (which could take more time, storage, and consume internet), the server splits it into smaller pieces called “packets.” Each packet represents a small part of the video or audio (worth a few seconds), making the process faster and easier to manage. 2. Data transmission After the server breaks down the data, it starts sending these packets to your device. These data packets travel across the internet through various protocols and networks to ensure they arrive at your device in the correct order and format. 3. Buffering Your device doesn’t start playing the content with the first packets that arrive. Instead, it temporarily stores a few seconds of data in a buffer, which helps to keep playback smooth even if your internet briefly slows down. Excessive buffering, however, isn’t the part of process, it happens due to multiple reasons that we’ve discussed in our guide here. 4. Decoding and playback Once the buffer has enough data, the media player begins to decode the packets. Since these packets contain compressed data, your device uses encoding techniques (like AAC for audio or H.264 for audio) to decompress it back into the original format. As a result, the media starts playing smoothly through your speakers or on your screen. 5. Continuous data flow As you stream, your device keeps sending requests for more data to the server. As the server sends the data packets, your device continually adds them to the buffer. The content will play smoothly as long as the buffer is full. 6. Adaptive bitrate streaming Your streaming platform will adjust the quality of the stream to match your bandwidth (whether your internet connection slows down or speeds up). For example, if your internet connection slows down, the video bitrate quality might drop from HD to SD to prevent buffering and ensure the stream runs smoothly. Conversely, the stream will automatically switch to high quality if the connection improves. 7. Content delivery networks (CDNs) Most platforms use content delivery networks (CDNs) to ensure the streaming process is faster and more efficient. These are servers spread across the world, close to the user. So, when you’re streaming something online, the data doesn’t always originate from the main server. Instead, it comes from the nearest video CDN server, which shortens the distance the data travels, reducing buffering and making the streaming faster. 8. Streaming ends Once you’re done watching or listening, the server stops sending data packets to your device. Any leftover packets in your buffer may be saved temporarily in your device’s cache. If you want to watch the same content again, the process starts over – but it might load faster because some data is still stored in the cache. Types of content you can stream On-demand streaming This is a method of streaming that allows you to access content at any time instead of waiting for a specific broadcast schedule. Platforms like Netflix offer video-on-demand (VOD) and Spotify provides audio-on-demand (AOD). Live streaming This involves watching live events as they unfold. Facebook Live and Twitch streaming are some of the common examples. Real-time streaming This involves ultra-low latency for the content to be transmitted almost instantaneously. Most conferencing software and multiplayer games use it. Audio streaming This involves music streaming, podcasts, radio, or other forms of audio media. Some of the common music streaming services include Spotify, Pandora Stream, and Apple Music. Progressive streaming This type of streaming allows you to download part of the file while you play it and it will eventually end up stored on your device. Adaptive Bitrate Streaming (ABR) This type of streaming automatically adjusts the quality of the stream depending on your internet speed to ensure a smooth experience. Difference between streaming and downloading Streaming and downloading are two distinct methods of accessing digital media. When streaming, you access media content in real-time over the internet without saving it on your device. You only need a stable internet connection to start streaming. After streaming ends, the content isn’t stored on your device and you must stream again to access it. However, in downloading, you save the entire file on your device, enabling you to access it offline. Also, you need to wait for the full content to complete downloading before playing. Here are the major differences: FeatureStreamingDownloadingAccess methodPlays media in real-time over the internetSaves the entire file on your deviceInternet requirementRequires an active internet connection during playbackOnly requires the internet to download, and then you can access the content offline afterwardStorage useMinimal local storage (temporary cache)Stores content permanently on your device until you delete itPlayback start timeImmediate or near-instant, once buffering beginsDelayed until the full file completes to downloadFile ownershipYou don’t own the file and you can only access it temporarilyYou have a copy stored locally on your deviceBandwidth usageContinuous data use while playingOne-time data use during downloading Streaming advantages Streaming is the main way most people consume entertainment nowadays. Here are some of the biggest benefits: 1. Prompt access Unlike downloading, streaming allows you to start watching or listening almost instantly without waiting for the full file to download. You’ll start playing your favorite content as soon as you click on the file. Instant access aligns with most people’s low tolerance for delays when it comes to consuming media. You don’t have to stay on a website if it takes long to load. Also, streaming allows you to watch your favorite content exactly when you want. 2. Saves your space Streaming doesn’t consume space on your device. When downloading files, you have to ensure your device has sufficient storage space or you’ll have to start deleting files. However, with streaming, there isn’t data saved on your device. Instead of saving the file locally, the data remains on a remote server, and you’ll simply access it as needed. This frees up valuable storage space for the files and media that matter most to you. 3. Schedules don’t have schedules Unlike traditional entertainment that requires you to follow a specific broadcast schedule, streaming allows you to watch what you want, whenever you want. However, you don’t have a schedule or wait for a specific time to enjoy your media. You can access the entire library of media content and enjoy it during your lunch break, after work or at the gym. Streaming drawbacks Despite the above benefits, here are some of the cons of streaming: 1. Buffering without a stable internet connection Without a stable, high-speed internet connection, streaming media on your device can be difficult or even impossible. Streaming requires too high bandwidth and a low-performing internet connection can’t handle it. Broadband is the baseline for smooth streaming, but higher speeds allow you to enjoy more content without any delays. Keep in mind that streaming over cellular data consumes significant bandwidth and could quickly exhaust your data allowance. 2. Real-time access While downloading saves the media file locally on your device, streaming requires an active internet connection to access the content from its source. If you want to watch the same stream again, you’ll need to revisit the source and ensure you have a reliable, high-speed internet connection. Without it, you won’t be able to access or play the content. How to improve your streaming experience Here are some of the things you can do to improve your streaming experience: Boost your Wi-Fi: Streaming requires a fast enough internet connection. So, try improving your home Wi-Fi signal strength to enhance streaming speed and stability. Reduce buffering: Besides internet speed, you also need to reduce buffering while streaming. Unblock streaming options: Are your normal streaming options blocked when traveling? Use a VPN to unblock your favorite streaming platforms. Prevent ISP throttling: Your internet service provider (ISP) can throttle your speed if they detect excessive bandwidth usage. Use a VPN to prevent ISP throttling and stream smoothly. Avoid public Wi-Fi: While streaming during your airport layover may be convenient, using a public Wi-Fi network can be risky. So, always use a VPN to protect your connection when streaming on public Wi-Fi. Clean up your device: Your device might be struggling to stream because it’s cluttered with unnecessary files and other background data. Therefore, clean your device for better all-round performance. Ensure you have enough memory: Your device can struggle to stream content if it has insufficient random access memory (RAM). Therefore, upgrade your RAM to improve the streaming performance. History of streaming Streaming emerged in the 1990s as improvements in bandwidth and compression technologies made it possible to transmit media over the internet. In 1995, RealNetworks pioneered audio streaming with the RealAudio software that enabled users to listen to live radio broadcasts online. Later on, RealVideo made video streaming possible, though the quality was much lower than what we have today. Also, the rise of broadband internet in the 2000s revolutionized streaming. Also, video and audio streaming websites emerged around the same time, transforming how we access and enjoy movies, TV shows, and music. The technology behind streaming The entire streaming process involves different technologies that work together to ensure smooth playback and protection of media content. They include: Video players A video player is an application or software on your device that decodes and plays the content you’re streaming. It receives the stream from the server, decodes it using a codec, and displays it on your screen. The player also controls buffering and supports adaptive streaming to optimize quality based on your internet speed. Video and audio compression (codecs) Raw audio and video files are very large and it’s difficult to stream them as they are. Streaming platforms use compression techniques called codecs to shrink file sizes. Essentially, codecs takes raw media data, compress it for faster transmission and the media player decodes it for playback on your device. Here are some of the common types: H.264/AVC: Most platforms including YouTube, Twitch, and Netflix, use this video codec because of its quality and compression efficiency. H.265/HEVC: This is a more advanced video codec that compresses data more efficiently, ideal for 4K content. VP9: An open-source video codec created by Google and widely used by YouTube. Advanced Audio Codec (AAC): A popular audio codec that provides great sound quality at lower bitrates. Adaptive bitrate streaming (ABR) This technology helps streaming platforms provide the best possible experience by adjusting the video quality based on internet speed. While you’re streaming, the platform monitors your internet speed and automatically adjusts the video quality accordingly. This enables streaming platforms to ensure smooth playback regardless of your internet speed. Streaming protocols A streaming protocol is a set of rules that controls how media data is travels from a server to your device over the internet. Here are some of the common streaming protocols: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS): It splits video into small pieces and adjusts the quality based on your internet speed. MPEG-DASH: This is a popular protocol for adaptive streaming that works with multiple codecs. Real-Time messaging protocol (RTMP): Adobe originally developed this protocol for Flash. Some platforms, like Twitch, use it during live streaming. Web real-time communication (WebRTC): It is used for real-time video streaming, like live gaming streams and video calls (Google Meet, Zoom). Digital rights management (DRM) DRM technology helps to protect digital content by restricting access and preventing unauthorized use, copying, or distribution. It ensures that only authorized users can unlock and watch the content, preventing illegal downloads or sharing. Content delivery networks (CDNs) CDNs are distributed servers strategically placed worldwide to deliver digital content closer to the user. They help to cut latency and improve load times because the data travels a shorter distance. When you stream a video, you get it from the nearest server instead of the platform’s primary server. Some of the biggest CDN providers include Cloudflare, Akamai, and Amazon CloudFront. Encoding and transcoding Encoding shrinks raw video media files into a more manageable size for streaming while transcoding converts those files into different formats or quality levels. Most streaming platforms use codecs to compress content into appropriate formats. Then, the video is transcoded into various resolutions. Cloud infrastructure Cloud storage and computing help streaming companies host massive media libraries and efficiently process and deliver content to users. These cloud systems automatically scale with demand, ensuring smooth performance even during traffic spikes. How does live streaming work? Live streaming is a type of streaming that offers content in real-time, allowing you to watch events as they unfold. It’s ideal for events like sports matches, concerts, social media broadcasts, and webinars. Live streaming involves broadcasting an event in real time through the internet. Here are the steps it involves: Capturing: A camera captures events as they happen and feeds the raw video into a computer or streaming system for processing. Encoding: Since the raw video files are too large to transmit efficiently over the internet, they are compressed and encoded to shrink the file size. Streaming protocol: The encoded video is transmitted to a streaming server using protocols like real-time messaging protocol (RTMP). The server uses HLS or MPEG-DASH protocols to deliver the stream, ensuring it works seamlessly across various devices and web browsers. Delivery to viewers: The streaming server delivers the data to viewers in real time. Your devices decode and play the stream with minimal delay. Buffering and adaptive streaming: Live streaming platforms use buffering and adaptive bitrate streaming to ensure smooth playback. Is free video streaming actually free? Free things often come with hidden strings attached. Since you don’t have to pay to access your favorite content on free streaming sites, they rely on displaying ads to generate revenue. The way ads function differs from one service to another. For example, some platforms display markers on the playback interface indicating when ads will appear. You can generally expect ads to play at specific times, especially for on-demand content. Thankfully, you can bypass ads on the platforms’ web versions by using a mix of ad-blockers and privacy extensions. However, you’ll have less luck blocking ads on ad-supported versions of some premium platforms. They require you to upgrade to higher tiers to remove the ads. Is it legal to use a VPN for streaming? It depends on where you live. For example, most countries permit VPN usage and consider them legal. However, some countries like North Korea, Iraq, Turkey, and China consider VPNs illegal. So, if you’re on a vacation or a work trip, you should acquaint yourself with the regulations around VPN usage. Is downloading content with a VPN legal? Downloading content without the owner’s permission is popular worldwide, but it’s largely illegal. In fact, European law strictly prohibits downloading copyrighted content. Moreover, it is illegal to watch movies and TV shows on free platforms. So, it’s important to familiarize yourself with the laws in your current location before accessing free streaming sites. Even with a VPN, you can still face consequences for illegally downloading copyrighted content. However, VPNs will obscure your online and physical locations, making it difficult to apprehend you. UDP vs. TCP in streaming While streaming can use both transmission control protocol (TCP) and user datagram protocol (UDP), each has its specific use cases depending on the type of streaming. Transmission control protocol (TCP) TCP is a protocol that delivers data packets in the correct order and error-free. It is highly reliable as it even retransmits any lost packet. Many streaming platforms rely on protocols such as HLS or MPEG-DASH, which operate over HTTP and use TCP to ensure reliable data delivery. On-demand streaming uses TCP because it’s not extremely time-sensitive (minor delays are acceptable) and helps ensure high-quality playback. When data packets are lost during transmission, TCP will automatically retransmit them, ensuring the content arrives intact. User datagram protocol (UDP) UDP transmits data without ensuring the packets arrive in order or even confirm delivery. While it’s faster than TCP, it sacrifices reliability since it doesn’t retransmit lost data packets. It is used in live streaming applications due to the need for low latency, where minor data loss is unnoticed and doesn’t significantly impact the experience. UDP is preferred in live streams as they need to be as close to real-time as possible. Therefore, the occasional data loss is acceptable, since retransmitting lost data would add latency and potentially degrade the video experience. Hybrid approaches Modern live streaming protocols like Secure Reliable Transport (SRT) and Google’s QUIC combine features of both TCP and UDP to balance between low latency and reliable delivery. This hybrid approach delivers UDP’s speed and TCP’s reliability, enabling fast and dependable data transmission. Future of streaming Technological advancements and changing consumer habits will shape the future of streaming. Key trends include: Higher-quality streaming: 5G connectivity and 8K resolutions will make ultra-high-quality more accessible. AI-driven personalization: AI will enhance user satisfaction by delivering more precise content recommendations. Low-latency streaming: Technologies like SRT and WebRTC facilitate real-time streaming, which is essential for live events. Live commerce: Streaming integrates e-commerce, enabling in-stream purchases. Global reach: AI-driven language translation will make content more accessible worldwide. Sustainability: Future technology will focus on energy efficiency to reduce environmental impact. FAQs How do I stream on my smart TV? First, you have to download a streaming app on your device, like Netflix, Disney+ or Amazon Prime Video. Then, create an account, pay your subscription, and start enjoying your favorite content. If the site is blocked in your region, you can use a VPN to unblock it. Do I need a smart TV to stream? No, you can stream on any internet-enabled device, including smart TVs. A streaming device, such as Roku, Amazon Fire Stick, Apple TV, or DirecTV Gemini device can also enable you to stream on your regular TV. Do I need the internet to stream TV? Yes, you need stable and high-speed internet to stream smoothly. Thankfully, many devices today are internet-enabled, enabling you to stream from your smartphone, tablet, smart TV, and more. Do I need to pay for streaming? Not necessarily. You can use legitimate free streaming sites like Tubi to watch a range of movies and TV shows, though the content is often dated and features are limited. So, use premium platforms like Netflix for a richer viewing experience. Thankfully, on-demand streaming is nowadays affordable – it’s live TV that tends to drive up the cost. Share this article Related articles from the Streaming section The 13 Best Goku.to Alternatives in 2025 Due to intrusive ads and pop-ups, you may have a disrupting streaming experience on Goku.to. Also, s... Aliu Isa April 10, 2025 How to Watch SVT Play from Anywhere in 2025 SVT Play is a legal Swedish popular streaming platform that offers a vast library of shows, document... Aliu Isa October 21, 2025 Is Tubi Safe and Legit to Use in 2025? A Detailed Guide Tubi TV is one of the most famous free streaming services. It has a large number of movies and shows... Ademilade Shodipe Dosunmu September 4, 2025 23 Best HiAnime Alternatives in 2025 (Legal & Free Options) HiAnime (formerly known as Aniwatch) is a popular platform for watching anime movies and series. Its... Ruheni Mathenge July 22, 2025 The 21 Best CrackStreams Alternatives in 2025 CrackStreams was a top hub for sports enthusiasts to stream sports online and from anywhere with an ... Ademilade Shodipe Dosunmu September 8, 2025 23 Best M4UFree Alternatives in 2025 M4UFree shines at the top in the free streaming world. It offers an extensive list of movies, TV ser... Ademilade Shodipe Dosunmu July 26, 2025 About the Author Aliu Isa Streaming Expert 87 Posts Isa is a Nigeria-born professional writer and editor with more than 10 years of experience under his belt. Having worked with some of the most renowned organizations worldwide, he’s been able to produce and publish hundreds of high-quality articles across a wide range of niches. Over time, Isa has developed an immense interest in digital security and privacy. He has always been a privacy enthusiast, and now, he's giving it all to educate people on privacy, security, and geo-blocking issues around the world. More from Aliu Isa Got Something to Say? Leave a Comment Your email address will not be published. Comments No comments.
Streaming is a convenient way to access your favorite entertainment media from the comfort of your home. Whether you want to catch up on your favorite movie or show, listen to your playlist, or watch a live event, streaming delivers whatever you need (and promptly).
But do you know how this happens? Streaming involves various technologies that transmit data packets over the internet, delivering high-quality visuals and audio you enjoy.
This article explains everything about streaming, how it works, its pros and cons, and more. Let’s explore.
Streaming is how you watch and listen to media (video, audio, or live events) directly over the internet without having to download it. Instead of downloading the content file on your device, streaming delivers it in real time while you watch or listen.
For example, you watch movies or series on Netflix without downloading them. An audio content example would be Spotify where you listen to songs or podcasts without saving them on your device.
Here is a step-by-step process on how streaming works:
When start playing a video or music track, your device sends a request to the server that hosts the content. The server had the media file stored and is ready to dispense it as soon as you request it.
Rather than sending the whole media file at once (which could take more time, storage, and consume internet), the server splits it into smaller pieces called “packets.” Each packet represents a small part of the video or audio (worth a few seconds), making the process faster and easier to manage.
After the server breaks down the data, it starts sending these packets to your device. These data packets travel across the internet through various protocols and networks to ensure they arrive at your device in the correct order and format.
Your device doesn’t start playing the content with the first packets that arrive. Instead, it temporarily stores a few seconds of data in a buffer, which helps to keep playback smooth even if your internet briefly slows down.
Excessive buffering, however, isn’t the part of process, it happens due to multiple reasons that we’ve discussed in our guide here.
Once the buffer has enough data, the media player begins to decode the packets. Since these packets contain compressed data, your device uses encoding techniques (like AAC for audio or H.264 for audio) to decompress it back into the original format. As a result, the media starts playing smoothly through your speakers or on your screen.
As you stream, your device keeps sending requests for more data to the server. As the server sends the data packets, your device continually adds them to the buffer. The content will play smoothly as long as the buffer is full.
Your streaming platform will adjust the quality of the stream to match your bandwidth (whether your internet connection slows down or speeds up). For example, if your internet connection slows down, the video bitrate quality might drop from HD to SD to prevent buffering and ensure the stream runs smoothly. Conversely, the stream will automatically switch to high quality if the connection improves.
Most platforms use content delivery networks (CDNs) to ensure the streaming process is faster and more efficient. These are servers spread across the world, close to the user. So, when you’re streaming something online, the data doesn’t always originate from the main server.
Instead, it comes from the nearest video CDN server, which shortens the distance the data travels, reducing buffering and making the streaming faster.
Once you’re done watching or listening, the server stops sending data packets to your device. Any leftover packets in your buffer may be saved temporarily in your device’s cache. If you want to watch the same content again, the process starts over – but it might load faster because some data is still stored in the cache.
This is a method of streaming that allows you to access content at any time instead of waiting for a specific broadcast schedule. Platforms like Netflix offer video-on-demand (VOD) and Spotify provides audio-on-demand (AOD).
This involves watching live events as they unfold. Facebook Live and Twitch streaming are some of the common examples.
This involves ultra-low latency for the content to be transmitted almost instantaneously. Most conferencing software and multiplayer games use it.
This involves music streaming, podcasts, radio, or other forms of audio media. Some of the common music streaming services include Spotify, Pandora Stream, and Apple Music.
This type of streaming allows you to download part of the file while you play it and it will eventually end up stored on your device.
This type of streaming automatically adjusts the quality of the stream depending on your internet speed to ensure a smooth experience.
Difference between streaming and downloading
Streaming and downloading are two distinct methods of accessing digital media.
When streaming, you access media content in real-time over the internet without saving it on your device. You only need a stable internet connection to start streaming. After streaming ends, the content isn’t stored on your device and you must stream again to access it.
However, in downloading, you save the entire file on your device, enabling you to access it offline. Also, you need to wait for the full content to complete downloading before playing.
Streaming is the main way most people consume entertainment nowadays. Here are some of the biggest benefits:
Unlike downloading, streaming allows you to start watching or listening almost instantly without waiting for the full file to download. You’ll start playing your favorite content as soon as you click on the file.
Instant access aligns with most people’s low tolerance for delays when it comes to consuming media. You don’t have to stay on a website if it takes long to load. Also, streaming allows you to watch your favorite content exactly when you want.
Streaming doesn’t consume space on your device. When downloading files, you have to ensure your device has sufficient storage space or you’ll have to start deleting files.
However, with streaming, there isn’t data saved on your device. Instead of saving the file locally, the data remains on a remote server, and you’ll simply access it as needed. This frees up valuable storage space for the files and media that matter most to you.
Unlike traditional entertainment that requires you to follow a specific broadcast schedule, streaming allows you to watch what you want, whenever you want.
However, you don’t have a schedule or wait for a specific time to enjoy your media. You can access the entire library of media content and enjoy it during your lunch break, after work or at the gym.
Despite the above benefits, here are some of the cons of streaming:
1. Buffering without a stable internet connection
Without a stable, high-speed internet connection, streaming media on your device can be difficult or even impossible. Streaming requires too high bandwidth and a low-performing internet connection can’t handle it.
Broadband is the baseline for smooth streaming, but higher speeds allow you to enjoy more content without any delays. Keep in mind that streaming over cellular data consumes significant bandwidth and could quickly exhaust your data allowance.
While downloading saves the media file locally on your device, streaming requires an active internet connection to access the content from its source.
If you want to watch the same stream again, you’ll need to revisit the source and ensure you have a reliable, high-speed internet connection. Without it, you won’t be able to access or play the content.
Here are some of the things you can do to improve your streaming experience:
Boost your Wi-Fi: Streaming requires a fast enough internet connection. So, try improving your home Wi-Fi signal strength to enhance streaming speed and stability.
Reduce buffering: Besides internet speed, you also need to reduce buffering while streaming.
Unblock streaming options: Are your normal streaming options blocked when traveling? Use a VPN to unblock your favorite streaming platforms.
Prevent ISP throttling: Your internet service provider (ISP) can throttle your speed if they detect excessive bandwidth usage. Use a VPN to prevent ISP throttling and stream smoothly.
Avoid public Wi-Fi: While streaming during your airport layover may be convenient, using a public Wi-Fi network can be risky. So, always use a VPN to protect your connection when streaming on public Wi-Fi.
Clean up your device: Your device might be struggling to stream because it’s cluttered with unnecessary files and other background data. Therefore, clean your device for better all-round performance.
Ensure you have enough memory: Your device can struggle to stream content if it has insufficient random access memory (RAM). Therefore, upgrade your RAM to improve the streaming performance.
Streaming emerged in the 1990s as improvements in bandwidth and compression technologies made it possible to transmit media over the internet.
In 1995, RealNetworks pioneered audio streaming with the RealAudio software that enabled users to listen to live radio broadcasts online. Later on, RealVideo made video streaming possible, though the quality was much lower than what we have today.
Also, the rise of broadband internet in the 2000s revolutionized streaming. Also, video and audio streaming websites emerged around the same time, transforming how we access and enjoy movies, TV shows, and music.
The entire streaming process involves different technologies that work together to ensure smooth playback and protection of media content. They include:
A video player is an application or software on your device that decodes and plays the content you’re streaming. It receives the stream from the server, decodes it using a codec, and displays it on your screen. The player also controls buffering and supports adaptive streaming to optimize quality based on your internet speed.
Raw audio and video files are very large and it’s difficult to stream them as they are. Streaming platforms use compression techniques called codecs to shrink file sizes. Essentially, codecs takes raw media data, compress it for faster transmission and the media player decodes it for playback on your device.
H.264/AVC: Most platforms including YouTube, Twitch, and Netflix, use this video codec because of its quality and compression efficiency.
H.265/HEVC: This is a more advanced video codec that compresses data more efficiently, ideal for 4K content.
VP9: An open-source video codec created by Google and widely used by YouTube.
Advanced Audio Codec (AAC): A popular audio codec that provides great sound quality at lower bitrates.
This technology helps streaming platforms provide the best possible experience by adjusting the video quality based on internet speed.
While you’re streaming, the platform monitors your internet speed and automatically adjusts the video quality accordingly. This enables streaming platforms to ensure smooth playback regardless of your internet speed.
A streaming protocol is a set of rules that controls how media data is travels from a server to your device over the internet.
Here are some of the common streaming protocols:
HTTP Live Streaming (HLS): It splits video into small pieces and adjusts the quality based on your internet speed.
MPEG-DASH: This is a popular protocol for adaptive streaming that works with multiple codecs. Real-Time messaging protocol (RTMP): Adobe originally developed this protocol for Flash. Some platforms, like Twitch, use it during live streaming.
Web real-time communication (WebRTC): It is used for real-time video streaming, like live gaming streams and video calls (Google Meet, Zoom).
DRM technology helps to protect digital content by restricting access and preventing unauthorized use, copying, or distribution. It ensures that only authorized users can unlock and watch the content, preventing illegal downloads or sharing.
CDNs are distributed servers strategically placed worldwide to deliver digital content closer to the user. They help to cut latency and improve load times because the data travels a shorter distance.
When you stream a video, you get it from the nearest server instead of the platform’s primary server. Some of the biggest CDN providers include Cloudflare, Akamai, and Amazon CloudFront.
Encoding shrinks raw video media files into a more manageable size for streaming while transcoding converts those files into different formats or quality levels.
Most streaming platforms use codecs to compress content into appropriate formats. Then, the video is transcoded into various resolutions.
Cloud storage and computing help streaming companies host massive media libraries and efficiently process and deliver content to users. These cloud systems automatically scale with demand, ensuring smooth performance even during traffic spikes.
Live streaming is a type of streaming that offers content in real-time, allowing you to watch events as they unfold. It’s ideal for events like sports matches, concerts, social media broadcasts, and webinars.
Live streaming involves broadcasting an event in real time through the internet. Here are the steps it involves:
Capturing: A camera captures events as they happen and feeds the raw video into a computer or streaming system for processing.
Encoding: Since the raw video files are too large to transmit efficiently over the internet, they are compressed and encoded to shrink the file size.
Streaming protocol: The encoded video is transmitted to a streaming server using protocols like real-time messaging protocol (RTMP). The server uses HLS or MPEG-DASH protocols to deliver the stream, ensuring it works seamlessly across various devices and web browsers.
Delivery to viewers: The streaming server delivers the data to viewers in real time. Your devices decode and play the stream with minimal delay.
Buffering and adaptive streaming: Live streaming platforms use buffering and adaptive bitrate streaming to ensure smooth playback.
Free things often come with hidden strings attached. Since you don’t have to pay to access your favorite content on free streaming sites, they rely on displaying ads to generate revenue.
The way ads function differs from one service to another. For example, some platforms display markers on the playback interface indicating when ads will appear. You can generally expect ads to play at specific times, especially for on-demand content.
Thankfully, you can bypass ads on the platforms’ web versions by using a mix of ad-blockers and privacy extensions. However, you’ll have less luck blocking ads on ad-supported versions of some premium platforms. They require you to upgrade to higher tiers to remove the ads.
It depends on where you live. For example, most countries permit VPN usage and consider them legal. However, some countries like North Korea, Iraq, Turkey, and China consider VPNs illegal.
So, if you’re on a vacation or a work trip, you should acquaint yourself with the regulations around VPN usage.
Downloading content without the owner’s permission is popular worldwide, but it’s largely illegal. In fact, European law strictly prohibits downloading copyrighted content.
Moreover, it is illegal to watch movies and TV shows on free platforms. So, it’s important to familiarize yourself with the laws in your current location before accessing free streaming sites.
Even with a VPN, you can still face consequences for illegally downloading copyrighted content. However, VPNs will obscure your online and physical locations, making it difficult to apprehend you.
While streaming can use both transmission control protocol (TCP) and user datagram protocol (UDP), each has its specific use cases depending on the type of streaming.
TCP is a protocol that delivers data packets in the correct order and error-free. It is highly reliable as it even retransmits any lost packet.
Many streaming platforms rely on protocols such as HLS or MPEG-DASH, which operate over HTTP and use TCP to ensure reliable data delivery.
On-demand streaming uses TCP because it’s not extremely time-sensitive (minor delays are acceptable) and helps ensure high-quality playback. When data packets are lost during transmission, TCP will automatically retransmit them, ensuring the content arrives intact.
UDP transmits data without ensuring the packets arrive in order or even confirm delivery. While it’s faster than TCP, it sacrifices reliability since it doesn’t retransmit lost data packets.
It is used in live streaming applications due to the need for low latency, where minor data loss is unnoticed and doesn’t significantly impact the experience.
UDP is preferred in live streams as they need to be as close to real-time as possible. Therefore, the occasional data loss is acceptable, since retransmitting lost data would add latency and potentially degrade the video experience.
Modern live streaming protocols like Secure Reliable Transport (SRT) and Google’s QUIC combine features of both TCP and UDP to balance between low latency and reliable delivery. This hybrid approach delivers UDP’s speed and TCP’s reliability, enabling fast and dependable data transmission.
Technological advancements and changing consumer habits will shape the future of streaming. Key trends include:
Higher-quality streaming: 5G connectivity and 8K resolutions will make ultra-high-quality more accessible.
AI-driven personalization: AI will enhance user satisfaction by delivering more precise content recommendations.
Low-latency streaming: Technologies like SRT and WebRTC facilitate real-time streaming, which is essential for live events.
Live commerce: Streaming integrates e-commerce, enabling in-stream purchases.
Global reach: AI-driven language translation will make content more accessible worldwide.
Sustainability: Future technology will focus on energy efficiency to reduce environmental impact.
First, you have to download a streaming app on your device, like Netflix, Disney+ or Amazon Prime Video. Then, create an account, pay your subscription, and start enjoying your favorite content. If the site is blocked in your region, you can use a VPN to unblock it.
No, you can stream on any internet-enabled device, including smart TVs. A streaming device, such as Roku, Amazon Fire Stick, Apple TV, or DirecTV Gemini device can also enable you to stream on your regular TV.
Yes, you need stable and high-speed internet to stream smoothly. Thankfully, many devices today are internet-enabled, enabling you to stream from your smartphone, tablet, smart TV, and more.
Not necessarily. You can use legitimate free streaming sites like Tubi to watch a range of movies and TV shows, though the content is often dated and features are limited. So, use premium platforms like Netflix for a richer viewing experience. Thankfully, on-demand streaming is nowadays affordable – it’s live TV that tends to drive up the cost.
Related articles from the Streaming section
Due to intrusive ads and pop-ups, you may have a disrupting streaming experience on Goku.to. Also, s...
How to Watch SVT Play from Anywhere in 2025
SVT Play is a legal Swedish popular streaming platform that offers a vast library of shows, document...
Is Tubi Safe and Legit to Use in 2025? A Detailed Guide
Tubi TV is one of the most famous free streaming services. It has a large number of movies and shows...
23 Best HiAnime Alternatives in 2025 (Legal & Free Options)
HiAnime (formerly known as Aniwatch) is a popular platform for watching anime movies and series. Its...
The 21 Best CrackStreams Alternatives in 2025
CrackStreams was a top hub for sports enthusiasts to stream sports online and from anywhere with an ...
M4UFree shines at the top in the free streaming world. It offers an extensive list of movies, TV ser...
Isa is a Nigeria-born professional writer and editor with more than 10 years of experience under his belt. Having worked with some of the most renowned organizations worldwide, he’s been able to produce and publish hundreds of high-quality articles across a wide range of niches. Over time, Isa has developed an immense interest in digital security and privacy. He has always been a privacy enthusiast, and now, he's giving it all to educate people on privacy, security, and geo-blocking issues around the world.
Your email address will not be published.
8,000+ VPN servers in more than 115 countries
Loved for speed & security — zero buffering, zero logs
Bypass geo-blocks, firewalls & ISP throttling
Military-grade encryption keeps streaming habits private


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0_9Q-G2KL4 ---
samay raina thoughts on comedy ❤️😊🥹😄😔😮😅😂. #samayraina #comedy #engineering #ranveer
Project Roasting with Founders - Coders ka Latent Show 🔥
What 3 F.I.R can do to a human being ~ Samay Raina
THIS AI BOT MADE MUSIC FROM CODE | India's Got Latent
Biswa Kalyan Rath vs Samay Raina | COTB Finals Game 1 | DreamHack 2022
Rajat Dalal vs Fukra Insaan playing Chess with Samay Raina
99% of Us are not Working Hard Enough | Tips to get hired in this market
American CIA Spy: US scared of India & Russia, RAW vs ISI, Trump & Modi | Andrew | FO441 Raj Shamani
Prakhar Gupta x Samay Raina | PGX #41 @SamayRainaOfficial
He Got a Rs 50k/month Internship in a US-based remote startup.
Samay Raina’s OTT platform || End Of India's Got Latent
samay raina,suhani shah and prakhar do not laugh challange unseen video
SHE REJECTED ANDREW TATE? | India's Got Latent
FAANG vs Remote jobs - Honest Conversation
​ @SamayRainaOfficial UNFILTERED! | I ended up GETTING INTERVIEWED! | Warikoo Hindi


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQ0M2dYCXxg ---
Addressing the hate, Coding and deploying the latent app from scratch
Aasa Kooda (From "Think Indie") (From "Think Indie")
Project Roasting with Founders - Coders ka Latent Show 🔥
How to use GitHub Copilot (the complete beginner's guide)
Joe Rogan Experience #2422 - Jensen Huang
Practical AI for Leaders | Hands on Session on building your first agent with N8N
Vibe coding and chess with Vidit gujrathi | 7 PM Saturday
American CIA Spy: US scared of India & Russia, RAW vs ISI, Trump & Modi | Andrew | FO441 Raj Shamani
What's Your Profession? | Playing the Room | Crowdwork Standup Comedy by Jaspreet Singh
I Interviewed 300 People from Different Salary Brackets | What I Found
Male loneliness, Madison Square Garden & Unlearning Emotional detachment ft. @ZakirKhan
Reality Of '19 Min Viral Video Link' That India Is Searching For | Shame On Who? | Akash Banerjee
Elon Musk: A Different Conversation w/ Nikhil Kamath | Full Episode | People by WTF Ep. 16
Contributing To Open Source – Beginner's Guide
The Ultimate Guide to Local AI and AI Agents (The Future is Here)
The Future of Coding After Anthropic’s New Update
What Forced Modi Govt's U-Turn On Sanchar Saathi? | Pegasus Like App On Our Phones? | Akash Banerjee
Harkirat BRUTALLY Honest on INDIA's Mediocrity & Creating 100x Devs! @harkirat1
Postman is DEAD. Meet the API Client Everyone’s Switching To
THE KAPOOR FAMILY EXPOSED! | Netflix India


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/@harkirat1/streams ---
Vibe coding and chess with Vidit gujrathi | 7 PM Saturday
Contributing to open source or building a trading app?
Announcing 10L 100xDevs x Superteam hackathon, Project ideas and Coding
Building a Solana Startup from scratch. Web3 stream
I'm Launching My First Startup | Harkirat SIngh
Exploring/Hacking/Cloning the Dhruv Rathee wrapper
Coding and deploying the latent app from scratch - Part 2
Addressing the hate, Coding and deploying the latent app from scratch
Coding in Super 30 office and office tour. Coding till 500k
LIVE : 8 LPA to 30 LPA | 100x Referrals | Ask your Doubts | SUPER-30
Hackathon Project ideas, 100xdevs Hackathon results, Super30 Orientation
Cohort 3 Starts tomorrow | $5000 Web3 Bounty with Superteam
Testing in Production - Coding, reviewing, deploying projects
Midnight stream - Coding, typing, reviewing code,
Friday night Code with me - Build and Deploy a multiplayer Chess Platform
100xDevs Cohort 2.0 Orientation + Motivation + Setup Open Source Repo + Code reviews
Birthday Code with me - Full stack app (Leetcode)
Code a Trading/Market Making Bot with me - Backend heavy
Build and Deploy - Google meet/Omegle Clone
Live Code and Deploy - Leetcode clone (End to end)
Code a simple Real time Quiz application (Beginner friendly)
Code a simple Full Stack app with me (Beginner friendly)


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0_9Q-G2KL4 ---
Project Roasting with Founders - Coders ka Latent Show 🔥
99% of Us are not Working Hard Enough | Tips to get hired in this market
THIS AI BOT MADE MUSIC FROM CODE | India's Got Latent
I Hosted 200+ Aspiring Software Developers In Mumbai | Mumbai Meetup 2024
Rajat Dalal vs Fukra Insaan playing Chess with Samay Raina
Prakhar Gupta x Samay Raina | PGX #41 @SamayRainaOfficial
What 3 F.I.R can do to a human being ~ Samay Raina
Mediocrity is Rising | Raw and real talk before 2024 ends.
Watch this before building coding projects
American CIA Spy: US scared of India & Russia, RAW vs ISI, Trump & Modi | Andrew | FO441 Raj Shamani
Biswa Kalyan Rath vs Samay Raina | COTB Finals Game 1 | DreamHack 2022
FAANG vs Remote jobs - Honest Conversation
I Interviewed 300 People from Different Salary Brackets | What I Found
SHE REJECTED ANDREW TATE? | India's Got Latent
How A Tier 3 Developer Got A 80L/Year Remote Job
CHAT LEAKED MY CHILDHOOD PICS on REDDIT ft. Mom and Dad


--- SOURCE: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/sohail-gidwani_last-week-i-had-an-experience-that-truly-activity-7166271036991172608-W6MS ---
Sohail Gidwani 1y Report this post Last week, I had an experience that truly stood out, thanks to a tech meetup hosted by Harkirat Singh . If his name rings a bell, it’s because I’ve been diving deep into web development through his course, which has been nothing short of transformative. This meetup, however, took my learning from the screen to the real world, answering my swirling questions about pursuing a Masters in Computer Engineering with a clarity I hadn't found anywhere else. Amidst the tech talk and networking, we were unexpectedly treated to a surprise set by Samay Raina. Imagine a room full of tech enthusiasts suddenly bursting into laughter – that was us. It perfectly balanced the seriousness of our discussions with a much-needed light-heartedness. This gathering wasn’t just another event; it felt like a milestone where I connected the dots between my online learning and real-world aspirations. It was a powerful reminder of the vibrant, inclusive community that surrounds us in the tech field, encouraging us to explore, question, and laugh along the way. I’m sharing this because it was a beacon for me, a blend of guidance, laughter, and community, all sparked by the path I began with Harkirat’s web dev course. It’s a journey I’m glad I embarked on, and this meetup was a pivotal step. 563 7 Comments Like Comment Saksham Vedi 1y Report this comment Damm you are lucky … seeing him in person is like a motivation boost Like Reply 2 Reactions 3 Reactions Md Ashhar 1y Report this comment Wish I could also attend the same...anyways Harkirat sir's cohort is 🔥🔥☠️ Like Reply 2 Reactions 3 Reactions Jatin Tilwani 1y Report this comment I wasn't able to attend the meetup because of college. Anyways, would love to connect 🤝 Like Reply 1 Reaction 2 Reactions Ankit Choudhary 1y Report this comment Amazing Like Reply 1 Reaction 2 Reactions Kushal Singh Nareda 1y Report this comment Amazing can't wait for the Delhi meetup Like Reply 1 Reaction 2 Reactions Shubham Sharma 1y Report this comment Thanks a lot for sharing your valuable insights Harkirat Singh sir i really loved your conversation with Sohail Gidwani sir in that video keep providing your helpful advice as this always it really needed Like Reply 1 Reaction 2 Reactions See more comments To view or add a comment, sign in
Last week, I had an experience that truly stood out, thanks to a tech meetup hosted by Harkirat Singh . If his name rings a bell, it’s because I’ve been diving deep into web development through his course, which has been nothing short of transformative. This meetup, however, took my learning from the screen to the real world, answering my swirling questions about pursuing a Masters in Computer Engineering with a clarity I hadn't found anywhere else. Amidst the tech talk and networking, we were unexpectedly treated to a surprise set by Samay Raina. Imagine a room full of tech enthusiasts suddenly bursting into laughter – that was us. It perfectly balanced the seriousness of our discussions with a much-needed light-heartedness. This gathering wasn’t just another event; it felt like a milestone where I connected the dots between my online learning and real-world aspirations. It was a powerful reminder of the vibrant, inclusive community that surrounds us in the tech field, encouraging us to explore, question, and laugh along the way. I’m sharing this because it was a beacon for me, a blend of guidance, laughter, and community, all sparked by the path I began with Harkirat’s web dev course. It’s a journey I’m glad I embarked on, and this meetup was a pivotal step.
Damm you are lucky … seeing him in person is like a motivation boost
Wish I could also attend the same...anyways Harkirat sir's cohort is 🔥🔥☠️
I wasn't able to attend the meetup because of college. Anyways, would love to connect 🤝
Thanks a lot for sharing your valuable insights Harkirat Singh sir i really loved your conversation with Sohail Gidwani sir in that video keep providing your helpful advice as this always it really needed
Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.
Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inmd-L3Ar28 ---
I Hosted 200+ Aspiring Software Developers In Mumbai | Mumbai Meetup 2024
14 Levaraging twitter for Job opportunites
18 Be at the right place at the right time
American CIA Spy: US scared of India & Russia, RAW vs ISI, Trump & Modi | Andrew | FO441 Raj Shamani
Infinite sum games vs 0 sum games in Tech by Harkirat Singh | Delhi Meetup Talk #1
Google's Staff Engineer talks about Hiring, Interviews and Job market | Meet @AsliEngineering
What's Your Profession? | Playing the Room | Crowdwork Standup Comedy by Jaspreet Singh
Success Is Hard Until You Build Systems Like This
Male loneliness, Madison Square Garden & Unlearning Emotional detachment ft. @ZakirKhan
I spent a day researching about the 2025-26 coding job market.
Elon Musk: A Different Conversation w/ Nikhil Kamath | Full Episode | People by WTF Ep. 16
What Forced Modi Govt's U-Turn On Sanchar Saathi? | Pegasus Like App On Our Phones? | Akash Banerjee
My Wife's Lover | RelationSh!t Advice ft.‪ @ashishsolanki_1 @ahsaaschannaofficial @Aadar
30 Interviews in 3 hours | GSoC 2026 | How to crack it in 2026 | Complete interview experience
PM MODI BREAKS ALL RULES FOR PUTIN | Grand Welcome at the Airport | By Prashant Dhawan
Freelancing, Jobs In India, Startup Failures, Earning Crores, Upskilling & More w/ @harkirat1 🎙️
Raw and Real with Ex-Crime Reporter Jigna – How the Underworld Ruled 90s Bombay (v/s now)
99% of Us are not Working Hard Enough | Tips to get hired in this market
Tech Hiring is BACK in 2025 | Recruiter on Resumes, Tier 3, Career Gaps & Complete Hiring Process


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0_9Q-G2KL4 ---
samay raina thoughts on comedy ❤️😊🥹😄😔😮😅😂. #samayraina #comedy #engineering #ranveer
What 3 F.I.R can do to a human being ~ Samay Raina
Project Roasting with Founders - Coders ka Latent Show 🔥
99% of Us are not Working Hard Enough | Tips to get hired in this market
THIS AI BOT MADE MUSIC FROM CODE | India's Got Latent
Roadmap to HFT Jobs | From Beginner to Crore+ Packages
​ @SamayRainaOfficial UNFILTERED! | I ended up GETTING INTERVIEWED! | Warikoo Hindi
Biswa Kalyan Rath vs Samay Raina | COTB Finals Game 1 | DreamHack 2022
Mediocrity is Rising | Raw and real talk before 2024 ends.
Prakhar Gupta x Samay Raina | PGX #41 @SamayRainaOfficial
SHE REJECTED ANDREW TATE? | India's Got Latent
Dropout to Working with Samay Raina and Building Real World Projects | 100xdevs Workshop #2
Samay Raina’s OTT platform || End Of India's Got Latent


--- SOURCE: https://www.parikshitkhanna.com/post/why-samay-raina-deleted-his-show-the-full-story ---
Introduction: A Defining Moment for Indian ComedyIn India, comedy is more than entertainment—it’s cultural commentary, satire, and often, controversy. Few incidents highlight this better than the uproar surrounding Samay Raina’s YouTube show India’s Got Latent.What started as a lighthearted talent show quickly spiraled into one of the biggest comedy controversies in India’s digital history. From public outrage to Supreme Court intervention, Samay’s journey reflects the growing responsibilities of digital creators in 2025.This blog provides the most updated facts, legal rulings, timeline, and SEO-rich insights into the controversy and Samay Raina’s future.What Sparked the Controversy?In late 2024, an episode of India’s Got Latent featuring YouTuber Ranveer Allahbadia (BeerBiceps) triggered outrage.During the show, Allahbadia made a remark about “having sex with parents”—a comment that was deemed deeply offensive and indecent by viewers. Clips of the episode went viral, sparking nationwide condemnation.Why the Backlash Was So IntenseThe show had a young, Gen Z audience, making the remarks more damaging.The comments targeted family and cultural sensibilities, a sensitive theme in India.The episode was streamed online, giving it massive visibility within hours.Timeline of EventsFebruary 2025 – Outrage EruptsSocial media trends call for cancellation of the show.Samay removes all episodes from YouTube, stating: “The situation is overwhelming. My only intent was to entertain.”March 2025 – FIRs FiledMultiple FIRs registered across states, including Assam and Maharashtra.Police investigations begin against Samay Raina, Ranveer Allahbadia, Ashish Chanchlani, and Apoorva Mukhija.April 2025 – Shows CancelledSamay’s live comedy shows in Surat, Vadodara, and Ahmedabad canceled following protests.BookMyShow pulled tickets after pressure from political and cultural groups.July 2025 – Supreme Court InterventionThe case reaches the Supreme Court of India.The bench criticizes comedians for “ridiculing persons with disabilities.”The Court orders public video apologies from all involved.August 2025 – Digital ResurrectionA new “India’s Got Latent Clips” channel launches on YouTube.Over 500 clips resurface, signaling a cautious comeback.Fans show strong support, though advertisers remain cautious.Legal Fallout: What Did the Supreme Court Say?The Supreme Court of India played a pivotal role in this case.Observation: “Free speech cannot extend to humiliating the disabled.”Directive: Samay, Ranveer, Ashish, Apoorva, and others must issue video apologies.Impact: The ruling set a precedent for how comedy and free expression are regulated in India’s digital ecosystem.This was one of the first major cases where YouTubers faced Supreme Court scrutiny—marking a turning point for content creators.How Samay Raina RespondedDespite being at the center of the storm, Samay showed resilience and adaptability:Content Removal: Deleted all episodes from YouTube.Public Statements: Expressed regret and clarified his intent was never to offend.Court Compliance: Issued apology as directed by the Supreme Court.Career Pivot: Relaunched the show in a clips-only format in mid-2025.Fans appreciated his honesty, but critics remain divided on whether the move was enough.Public and Celebrity ReactionsThe controversy split both fans and fellow creators:Support:Rapper Raftaar defended Samay, saying people “enjoy seeing others fall.”Some comedians argued comedy must have space for edgy expression.Criticism:Cultural groups, including the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), labeled the remarks “indecent.”Parents and educators voiced concerns about content influencing young audiences.Broader Impact on Indian ComedyThe fallout highlights the tightrope between comedy and responsibility:Comedy’s Boundaries: Jokes on sensitive topics (disabilities, family, religion) may now face stricter regulation.Free Speech vs. Social Responsibility: Reinforces that creators must balance creative freedom with cultural sensitivities.Creator Accountability: FIRs and court orders prove digital creators are legally accountable for online content.Platform Responsibility: YouTube faced criticism for not moderating earlier—leading to discussions on stricter platform governance. FAQ SectionQ1. What was the India’s Got Latent controversy about?It stemmed from inappropriate remarks by Ranveer Allahbadia on an episode, which many viewers found indecent. Samay Raina later removed all episodes.Q2. Did the Supreme Court take action?Yes. In July 2025, the Supreme Court ordered Samay Raina and others to issue video apologies and stressed limits on offensive content.Q3. Is India’s Got Latent still available online?Yes, but only as a clips-only channel. The full episodes remain deleted.Q4. How has this affected Samay Raina’s career?His shows in Gujarat were canceled, but he continues to tour and has restructured his content strategy. Ticket sales for his 2025 India tour remain strong.Q5. What does this controversy mean for Indian comedians?It’s a wake-up call: humor has limits, and creators must navigate free speech, cultural responsibility, and legal accountability carefully.Conclusion: A Turning Point for Digital Comedy in IndiaThe India’s Got Latent controversy has become a case study in modern Indian digital culture. It reflects:The power of social media to amplify outrage.The role of courts in defining comedy’s boundaries.The responsibility of creators to balance humor with empathy.For Samay Raina, this episode is both a setback and an opportunity—a chance to rebuild trust, reframe his comedy, and influence a new era of digital entertainment in India.For Indian comedy as a whole, this is more than one comedian’s scandal—it’s a redefinition of what’s acceptable in a society where digital voices carry unprecedented reach and impact.
Introduction: A Defining Moment for Indian Comedy
In India, comedy is more than entertainment—it’s cultural commentary, satire, and often, controversy. Few incidents highlight this better than the uproar surrounding Samay Raina’s YouTube show India’s Got Latent.
What started as a lighthearted talent show quickly spiraled into one of the biggest comedy controversies in India’s digital history. From public outrage to Supreme Court intervention, Samay’s journey reflects the growing responsibilities of digital creators in 2025.
This blog provides the most updated facts, legal rulings, timeline, and SEO-rich insights into the controversy and Samay Raina’s future.
In late 2024, an episode of India’s Got Latent featuring YouTuber Ranveer Allahbadia (BeerBiceps) triggered outrage.
During the show, Allahbadia made a remark about “having sex with parents”—a comment that was deemed deeply offensive and indecent by viewers. Clips of the episode went viral, sparking nationwide condemnation.
The show had a young, Gen Z audience, making the remarks more damaging.
The comments targeted family and cultural sensibilities, a sensitive theme in India.
The episode was streamed online, giving it massive visibility within hours.
Social media trends call for cancellation of the show.
Samay removes all episodes from YouTube, stating: “The situation is overwhelming. My only intent was to entertain.”
Multiple FIRs registered across states, including Assam and Maharashtra.
Police investigations begin against Samay Raina, Ranveer Allahbadia, Ashish Chanchlani, and Apoorva Mukhija.
Samay’s live comedy shows in Surat, Vadodara, and Ahmedabad canceled following protests.
BookMyShow pulled tickets after pressure from political and cultural groups.
The case reaches the Supreme Court of India.
The bench criticizes comedians for “ridiculing persons with disabilities.”
The Court orders public video apologies from all involved.
A new “India’s Got Latent Clips” channel launches on YouTube.
Over 500 clips resurface, signaling a cautious comeback.
Fans show strong support, though advertisers remain cautious.
Legal Fallout: What Did the Supreme Court Say?
The Supreme Court of India played a pivotal role in this case.
Observation: “Free speech cannot extend to humiliating the disabled.”
Directive: Samay, Ranveer, Ashish, Apoorva, and others must issue video apologies.
Impact: The ruling set a precedent for how comedy and free expression are regulated in India’s digital ecosystem.
This was one of the first major cases where YouTubers faced Supreme Court scrutiny—marking a turning point for content creators.
Despite being at the center of the storm, Samay showed resilience and adaptability:
Content Removal: Deleted all episodes from YouTube.
Public Statements: Expressed regret and clarified his intent was never to offend.
Court Compliance: Issued apology as directed by the Supreme Court.
Career Pivot: Relaunched the show in a clips-only format in mid-2025.
Fans appreciated his honesty, but critics remain divided on whether the move was enough.
The controversy split both fans and fellow creators:
Support:Rapper Raftaar defended Samay, saying people “enjoy seeing others fall.”Some comedians argued comedy must have space for edgy expression.
Rapper Raftaar defended Samay, saying people “enjoy seeing others fall.”
Some comedians argued comedy must have space for edgy expression.
Criticism:Cultural groups, including the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), labeled the remarks “indecent.”Parents and educators voiced concerns about content influencing young audiences.
Cultural groups, including the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), labeled the remarks “indecent.”
Parents and educators voiced concerns about content influencing young audiences.
The fallout highlights the tightrope between comedy and responsibility:
Comedy’s Boundaries: Jokes on sensitive topics (disabilities, family, religion) may now face stricter regulation.
Free Speech vs. Social Responsibility: Reinforces that creators must balance creative freedom with cultural sensitivities.
Creator Accountability: FIRs and court orders prove digital creators are legally accountable for online content.
Platform Responsibility: YouTube faced criticism for not moderating earlier—leading to discussions on stricter platform governance.
Q1. What was the India’s Got Latent controversy about?It stemmed from inappropriate remarks by Ranveer Allahbadia on an episode, which many viewers found indecent. Samay Raina later removed all episodes.
Q2. Did the Supreme Court take action?Yes. In July 2025, the Supreme Court ordered Samay Raina and others to issue video apologies and stressed limits on offensive content.
Q3. Is India’s Got Latent still available online?Yes, but only as a clips-only channel. The full episodes remain deleted.
Q4. How has this affected Samay Raina’s career?His shows in Gujarat were canceled, but he continues to tour and has restructured his content strategy. Ticket sales for his 2025 India tour remain strong.
Q5. What does this controversy mean for Indian comedians?It’s a wake-up call: humor has limits, and creators must navigate free speech, cultural responsibility, and legal accountability carefully.
Conclusion: A Turning Point for Digital Comedy in India
The India’s Got Latent controversy has become a case study in modern Indian digital culture. It reflects:
The power of social media to amplify outrage.
The role of courts in defining comedy’s boundaries.
The responsibility of creators to balance humor with empathy.
For Samay Raina, this episode is both a setback and an opportunity—a chance to rebuild trust, reframe his comedy, and influence a new era of digital entertainment in India.
For Indian comedy as a whole, this is more than one comedian’s scandal—it’s a redefinition of what’s acceptable in a society where digital voices carry unprecedented reach and impact.
In an era where Artificial Intelligence (AI) is transforming industries, digital marketing is no exception. AI-powered tools and...
In today’s digital era, UI/UX design and AI-powered solutions are shaping the future of technology and innovation. To bridge the gap...
In today’s digital era, UI/UX design and AI-powered solutions are shaping the future of technology and innovation. To bridge the gap between


--- SOURCE: https://www.oneindia.com/india/india-s-got-latent-streaming-platform-hosts-and-controversies-explained-4067267.html ---
News India International Entertainment Cricket Sports Business Videos
City Bengaluru New Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Pune Salem Belgaum Ahmedabad Hyderabad Mangalore
Sports Pro Kabaddi League Cricket Football Photos
Movies Bollywood Hollywood Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Television Photo Gallery
Lifestyle Health Beauty Cookery Horoscope Festivals Google Doodle Productivity
Auto Car News Bike News Reviews How-To Photos EMI Calculator Offbeat Explore Cars
Gadgets Mobiles Reviews Photo Gallery Latest Mobiles Upcoming Mobiles Phone Finder
India’s Got Latent: Streaming Platform, Hosts And Controversies Explained India oi-Madhuri Adnal By Madhuri Adnal Published: Monday, February 10, 2025, 16:00 [IST] Add as a preferred source on Google India's Got Latent is a fresh addition to the Indian talent show landscape, offering a unique spin on traditional reality competitions. Created and hosted by comedian Samay Raina, the show provides a platform for contestants to showcase diverse talents, ranging from singing and dancing to beatboxing and stand-up comedy. Inspired by the popular Kill Tony podcast from Austin, Texas, the show stands out for its unpredictable and humorous format. Where to Watch India's Got Latent? The show premiered on June 14, 2024, and is primarily available on YouTube, making it accessible to a wide audience. Full episodes can be streamed for free on Samay Raina's YouTube channel, while exclusive content is restricted to paid members. Additionally, an official India's Got Latent app offers behind-the-scenes footage and extended unfiltered content. What Makes India's Got Latent Different? Unlike conventional talent shows, India's Got Latent embraces a self-rating system, where contestants predict their performance scores before stepping on stage. If their rating aligns with the judges' average, they win. This unique format adds an element of self-awareness and strategy, making the show unpredictable and engaging. Why Is the Show Gaining Popularity? India's Got Latent has rapidly gained traction due to: Diverse Talent: From stunts to quirky performances, the show brings fresh acts to the spotlight. Unfiltered Humor: Samay Raina and the judging panel's witty roasts create viral moments. Rotating Celebrity Judges: Big names like Raftaar, Badshah, Rakhi Sawant, and Tanmay Bhat have graced the panel. Controversies: The latest episode featuring Samay Raina, YouTuber Ranveer Allahbadia (BeerBiceps), Ashish Chanchlani, Apoorva Mukhija (Rebel Kid), and Jaspreet Singh has sparked backlash. The show is accused of promoting vulgarity under the guise of comedy. Mocking Deepika Padukone's Depression A contestant, Banti Banerjee, made a controversial remark about Deepika Padukone's depression, saying, "Deepika Padukone also became a mother recently. Now she knows what depression really looks like." The comment, intended as a joke, received mixed reactions, with many calling it insensitive. Joke on Arunachal Pradesh's Indigenous People Contestant Jessy Nabam sparked outrage by making remarks about dog meat consumption in Arunachal Pradesh, saying her friends even ate their pets. This led to an FIR being filed against her. Urfi Javed Walks Out Urfi Javed stormed off the show after a contestant compared her to adult star Mia Khalifa and questioned her "body count." She later slammed the show for allowing slut-shaming. On-Stage Outfit Cutting Act Contestant Priyanka Halder let her friend Mohammad Adil cut her dress on stage as part of a skit. The act, along with sexual jokes, was criticized as "cheap" and "disgusting," especially after Priyanka revealed she is married with a 15-year-old son. Insensitive Jokes on Death Samay Raina cracked jokes about comedian Madhur Virli's father's death and mocked a contestant who had to leave after hearing about her father's heart attack, drawing widespread criticism. Racist Remarks Comedian Jaspreet Singh stereotyped Keralites, saying, "Kerala saar, 100% literacy saar," which many found offensive and racist. The controversies have fueled debates over whether the show crosses the line between comedy and insensitivity. Published On February 10, 2025 More From Instagram Viral Girl Boy Video 19 Minutes: Girl Seen Crying, Pleading Everyone to Delete the Clip? Tamil Nadu Holiday On December 3: Schools, Govt Offices To Remain Shut In These Dists Tamil Nadu Weather: Heavy Rain In 10 Dists Today; Chennai On Orange Alert As Depression Nears Coast Shhyamali De Breaks Silence? Her First Post Goes Viral After Ex-Husband Raj Nidimoru’s Marries Samantha IPL 2026 Auction List: No Maxwell! Venkatesh Iyer, Livingston, Green Top Rs 2 Cr Base Price Among 1355 Players Samantha Marriage: Where Will Newly-Married Sam-Raj Nidimoru Go For Honeymoon? Samantha's Ex Makeup Artist Attacked For 'Villain Plays Victim' Comment After Her Marriage Scrub Typhus Cases Rise in Andhra Pradesh: What Is It & How It Spreads? Symptoms & Prevention Explained Ranveer Singh Breaks Silence on Rishab Shetty’s Kantara 2 Daiva Scene Imitation Row: ‘If I’ve Hurt…’ Bengaluru Bomb Alert: Lulu Mall, Airport on High Security Watch As Email Threat Warning of Explosions Watch: Chennai Metro Train Stuck Underground as Passengers Walk Through Tunnel After a Technical Issue Smriti Mandhana-Palash Muchhal Wedding Date Fixed? New December 7 Rumours Spread Again Prev Next Read more about: controversy youtube Read more about: controversy youtube
India’s Got Latent: Streaming Platform, Hosts And Controversies Explained
India's Got Latent is a fresh addition to the Indian talent show landscape, offering a unique spin on traditional reality competitions. Created and hosted by comedian Samay Raina, the show provides a platform for contestants to showcase diverse talents, ranging from singing and dancing to beatboxing and stand-up comedy. Inspired by the popular Kill Tony podcast from Austin, Texas, the show stands out for its unpredictable and humorous format.
The show premiered on June 14, 2024, and is primarily available on YouTube, making it accessible to a wide audience. Full episodes can be streamed for free on Samay Raina's YouTube channel, while exclusive content is restricted to paid members. Additionally, an official India's Got Latent app offers behind-the-scenes footage and extended unfiltered content.
Unlike conventional talent shows, India's Got Latent embraces a self-rating system, where contestants predict their performance scores before stepping on stage. If their rating aligns with the judges' average, they win. This unique format adds an element of self-awareness and strategy, making the show unpredictable and engaging.
India's Got Latent has rapidly gained traction due to:
Diverse Talent: From stunts to quirky performances, the show brings fresh acts to the spotlight.
Unfiltered Humor: Samay Raina and the judging panel's witty roasts create viral moments.
Rotating Celebrity Judges: Big names like Raftaar, Badshah, Rakhi Sawant, and Tanmay Bhat have graced the panel.
The latest episode featuring Samay Raina, YouTuber Ranveer Allahbadia (BeerBiceps), Ashish Chanchlani, Apoorva Mukhija (Rebel Kid), and Jaspreet Singh has sparked backlash. The show is accused of promoting vulgarity under the guise of comedy.
A contestant, Banti Banerjee, made a controversial remark about Deepika Padukone's depression, saying, "Deepika Padukone also became a mother recently. Now she knows what depression really looks like." The comment, intended as a joke, received mixed reactions, with many calling it insensitive.
Joke on Arunachal Pradesh's Indigenous People
Contestant Jessy Nabam sparked outrage by making remarks about dog meat consumption in Arunachal Pradesh, saying her friends even ate their pets. This led to an FIR being filed against her.
Urfi Javed stormed off the show after a contestant compared her to adult star Mia Khalifa and questioned her "body count." She later slammed the show for allowing slut-shaming.
Contestant Priyanka Halder let her friend Mohammad Adil cut her dress on stage as part of a skit. The act, along with sexual jokes, was criticized as "cheap" and "disgusting," especially after Priyanka revealed she is married with a 15-year-old son.
Samay Raina cracked jokes about comedian Madhur Virli's father's death and mocked a contestant who had to leave after hearing about her father's heart attack, drawing widespread criticism.
Comedian Jaspreet Singh stereotyped Keralites, saying, "Kerala saar, 100% literacy saar," which many found offensive and racist.
The controversies have fueled debates over whether the show crosses the line between comedy and insensitivity.
Instagram Viral Girl Boy Video 19 Minutes: Girl Seen Crying, Pleading Everyone to Delete the Clip?
Tamil Nadu Holiday On December 3: Schools, Govt Offices To Remain Shut In These Dists
Tamil Nadu Weather: Heavy Rain In 10 Dists Today; Chennai On Orange Alert As Depression Nears Coast
Shhyamali De Breaks Silence? Her First Post Goes Viral After Ex-Husband Raj Nidimoru’s Marries Samantha
IPL 2026 Auction List: No Maxwell! Venkatesh Iyer, Livingston, Green Top Rs 2 Cr Base Price Among 1355 Players
Samantha Marriage: Where Will Newly-Married Sam-Raj Nidimoru Go For Honeymoon?
Samantha's Ex Makeup Artist Attacked For 'Villain Plays Victim' Comment After Her Marriage
Scrub Typhus Cases Rise in Andhra Pradesh: What Is It & How It Spreads? Symptoms & Prevention Explained
Ranveer Singh Breaks Silence on Rishab Shetty’s Kantara 2 Daiva Scene Imitation Row: ‘If I’ve Hurt…’
Bengaluru Bomb Alert: Lulu Mall, Airport on High Security Watch As Email Threat Warning of Explosions
Watch: Chennai Metro Train Stuck Underground as Passengers Walk Through Tunnel After a Technical Issue
Smriti Mandhana-Palash Muchhal Wedding Date Fixed? New December 7 Rumours Spread Again
Putin India Visit: Russian President To Arrive In Delhi On Dec 4; Full Schedule Released
‘Net Losers’: Jaishankar Slams US, Europe Over Curbs On Skilled Worker Mobility
Tarot Card Reading December 04, 2025: Unlock Your Destiny with Tarot Cards by Zodiac
Chile Enacts Law to Ban Smartphone Use in Classrooms for Better Learning Outcomes
Horoscope for Today 04-December-2025 - Uncover Hidden Opportunities! Gemini, Scorpio, Aquarius – Dive In!
Capricorn Horoscope For Today, December 04, Thursday - Consistency and Determination Are Your Allies
Virgo Horoscope For Today, December 04, Thursday - Organisation and structure will keep you afloat!
Leo Horoscope For Today, December 04, Thursday - You'll Feel That Charming Energy Flowing!
Cancer Horoscope For Today, December 04, Thursday - Use Emotions to Connect Deeply
Aquarius Horoscope For Today, December 04, Thursday - Expect Unexpected Twists!
Click on the Menu icon of the browser, it opens up a list of options.
Click on the “Options ”, it opens up the settings page,
Here click on the “Privacy & Security” options listed on the left hand side of the page.
Scroll down the page to the “Permission” section .
Here click on the “Settings” tab of the Notification option.
A pop up will open with all listed sites, select the option “ALLOW“, for the respective site under the status head to allow the notification.
Once the changes is done, click on the “Save Changes” option to save the changes.

