
--- SOURCE: https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/french-english/eh-bien_1 ---
Credits × English translation of 'eh bien' Share × Credits × eh bien phrase wellSee full dictionary entry for eh belowCollins Beginner’s French-English Dictionary © HarperCollins Publishers. All rights reserved eh bien phrase wellSee full dictionary entry for eh belowCollins French-English Dictionary © by HarperCollins Publishers. All rights reserved. eh [e ] exclamationhey!eh bien well Collins French-English Dictionary © by HarperCollins Publishers. All rights reserved. Examples of 'eh bien' in a sentence eh bienExample sentences from the Collins Corpus These examples have been automatically selected and may contain sensitive content that does not reflect the opinions or policies of Collins, or its parent company HarperCollins. We welcome feedback: report an example sentence to the Collins team. Read more… Et avec un rire, et avec un sanglot : Je voulais un grand amour, eh bien, je l'ai eu.. Salacrou, Laurence L'ombre d'un roiParce que moi à mon avis, quand on lui propose un grand rôle dans un grand film eh bien il dit pas non. Ruquier, Laurent etc Rien à cirerTiens, l'usine atomique dans Agent trouble, eh bien, je l'ai vue cette usine. ActuelEh bien, ils pourront cette fois-ci! Metro Quebec (2020)Eh bien, au risque de les décevoir, le coronavirus fait apparaître des disparités territoriales évidentes. Marianne (2020)Eh bien, ça fonctionne bien. Marianne (2020)Eh bien deux personnes. Allociné (2020) You may also like French QuizConfusables FrenchGrammar Language Lover'sBlog The Paul NobleMethod Translateyour text Browse alphabetically eh bien égyptologie égyptologue eh eh bien eh bien! Eh bien, ma vieille ... Eh bien, mon vieux ... All FRENCH words that begin with 'E' Related terms of eh bien eh bien! Eh bien, ma vieille ... Eh bien, mon vieux ... eh bien !
Examples of 'eh bien' in a sentence eh bien
Access the entire site, including our language quizzes.
Customize your language settings. (Unregistered users can only access the International English interface for some pages.)
Submit new words and phrases to the dictionary.
Benefit from an increased character limit in our Translator tool.
Receive our weekly newsletter with the latest news, exclusive content, and offers.
Be the first to enjoy new tools and features.


--- SOURCE: https://www.wordhippo.com/what-is/the-meaning-of/french-word-eh_bien.html ---
Win Amazon gift cards by writing simple stories at Fictish, a new story writing game backed by WordHippo.


--- SOURCE: https://french.stackexchange.com/questions/21978/what-does-eh-bien-mean-in-the-context ---
Bring the best of human thought and AI automation together at your work.
I have consulted the dictionary but I can not get a clear response. What does: "Eh bien" mean in this context?
-On va au cinéma demain, Julie ? -Demain, c'est quel jour ? Vendredi ? -Oui, c'est ça. Le premier octobre. -Non, je ne peux pas. Nous allons à la piscine, les enfants et moi. -C'est dommage.
-Eh bien, tu sais, nager c'est bon pour la santé. Et les enfants adorent ça.
Eh bien peut ou bien exprimer une opposition ou bien une conséquence vis-à-vis de la phrase précédente. il faudrait donner un peu plus de contexte, au moins la phrase précédente. P. O. – P. O. 2016-09-16 12:23:08 +00:00 Commented Sep 16, 2016 at 12:23
1 OK, I have provided the previous sentences so you can get the context. Astrid – Astrid 2016-09-16 12:27:40 +00:00 Commented Sep 16, 2016 at 12:27
1 You can translate it to 'Well, you know, swimming is healthy' Weedoze – Weedoze 2016-09-16 12:45:37 +00:00 Commented Sep 16, 2016 at 12:45
"Eh Bien" here is used to show empathy. Julie knows that she has to spend time at the pool with her children and can't go to the movies. She also knows that it disappoints the person she talks to (C'est dommage).
Though, the sentence could keep its meaning without "Eh Bien". It shows Julie cares for the person she talks to.
In english I would use the word "well". But "Eh bien" is totally idiomatic, and I don't think there's a synonym in French for this.
Well, you know, swimming is good for the health.
"Eh Bien" can have several other meanings too depending on the context. Top three cases i would use it for are :
"Eh bien, ce cuisinier est vraiment doué", "Woah, this cook is talented"
"Eh bien, tu es pas pressé", "Damn, you're not in a hurry"
Ask someone for more information or to finish his/her sentence :
Other available here : https://fr.wiktionary.org/wiki/eh_bien
I have usually seen this phase used in the context of "Oh Well". Sort of a word resignation to the condition or outcome. Based on my various French Language study.
Additionally, in modern familiar, mostly spoken French, you can also encounter "Eh ben". Replacement can be "Dis donc". https://fr.wiktionary.org/wiki/dis_donc (mostly oral though), e.g.:
Dis donc, tu parles français comme si c'était ta langue maternelle !
Find the answer to your question by asking.
What’s new at Stack Overflow: December 2025
Chat room owners can now establish room guidelines
AI Assist is now available on Stack Overflow
Postgres logical replication to restored snapshot
Visiting UK with a valid visa but a soon-expiring passport
Is zero-point energy a mathematical artifact?
How to handle Expeditious Retreat with the optional chase rules
What do these floating collectors in this LM566 datasheet mean?
Crontab for nth Monday of month weirdness at Dec 1 2025
Should these weep hole covers be removed from the exterior of sliding glass door?
Adventure fantasy novel, main character turned into a mouse by a witch
How are left/right multiplication different from other group actions?
Misunderstanding the lorentz transformation
Why is Sophocles's play typically known by a Latin title?
How to protect 100-year-old wooden floors for the next 100 years?
Could a world tree have different biomes?
Schottky OR-ing diodes passing reverse voltage; is it a faulty diode?
Cambridge to Utrecht with less carbon than flying
Why does Mtt 13:34 say that Jesus always spoke in parables?
Is Codepage 1252 guaranteed to be available on all Windows systems?
Is the phrase "murder will out" from Chaucer?
Simplification of terms C Exp[a+b x] to C Exp[a]Exp[bx]
PSE Advent Calendar 2025 (Day 4): Ring Bethlehem, the day begun!
Paraphrased Song Lyrics: Just Like Old Times
Why can't you reverse engineer a valid ML-DSA secret key from a public key?
Adding expert knowledge to bayesian inference
"Save as webpage, HTML Only" Fail while offiline, Firefox
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and may be set through our site by us or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on our site or on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.

