
--- SOURCE: https://www.reddit.com/r/ShouldIbuythisgame/comments/16akehy/games_with_the_best_combat/ ---
I have played and thoroughly enjoyed games such as the Souls-games (Sekiro included) and am now looking for another game that has the best combat out there! I like harder games with smooth-feeling combat, where the story is not as important to me as how polished the combat is. I am mainly looking for a melee-combat type of game, so no shooter recommendations. Anime is something I love so good anime games are always welcome recommendations too!
Ghost Of Tsushima had pretty decent combat.
It's sad how the enemy variety is so limited, but your combat options and the general feel are a blast indeed.
Devil May Cry series has my favorite melee combat. Maybe not as hard as souls but really fun.
Also heard good things about Nioh, tho I haven't played it myself.
Nioh 2 probably has the best souls-like combat outside of Sekiro. A lot of action adventure games have really good combat if you dedicate time like Sifu, Devil May Cry 5 and Bayonetta 3.
If you like mech stuff, Armored Core 6 combat is pretty incredible, very smooth and flashy.
Amazing combat combined with the nemesis system and the fighting pits is such a rewarding experience I've not been able to replicate elsewhere.
I’ll always respect that the devs made a combat system make you feel overpowered but still challenging and actually difficult.
I'm gonna be honest, Sekiro probably has the smoothest melee combat to date. But a game that I've been enjoying recently with smooth combat is DMC5. There is something fun about extending your combos and just learning the overall mechanics.
Devil may cry 5 is the pinnacle of the games with great combat
The Bayonetta has quite a deep combat system with a huge moveset
Play both of the god of war games on their hardest difficulties, super satisfying and visually impressive combat
Wanted: dead (melee/shooter hybrid but it’s sekiro melee combat)
Scarlet nexus. It’s a bit of a DMC clone but it all comes to better with tons of powers and will have you feeling like a god by the end of it. Easy rec especially if you like anime. Hell all these recs are good if you like anime
Since Arkham was mentioned, I’ll also throw in Shadow of Mordor (and Shadow of War), since it has a similar combat system
I personally liked the combat of Jedi: Fallen Order
Dragons Dogma has the best combat in any action RPG. Imagine a mix between Monster Hunter and Dark Souls, with faster melee combat.
There's a lot that's great about Nier Automata but the combat isn't. It's not bad but nothing special either, definitely a lot weaker than some other Platinum titles like Vanquish or MGRising.
Nioh 2 is by far one of the most rewarding combat systems once you get going with it. Totally recommended if you haven't.
Armored Core 6, nothing else like it, pretty easy too.
DmC: Devil May Cry and Devil May Cry 5. Creme de la creme when it comes to combat systems. DmC has a stupid (still fun) story and awesome combat but has some platforming. DMC5 is just 🤌🏻🤌🏻. Great story, fun characters, incredible combat. Level Design is meh but still one of the best combat systems, if not the best, after Sekiro.
NieR: Automata. Great combat and great story, too. A real clusterfuck. Loved it to death. One of these games you just feel empty after finishing..
FURI. Might not be what you expected but it’s really, really fun, relatively short and looks awesome. It gets you in a real tunnel with its visuals, the soundtrack and everything.
I personally also enjoyed the fluidity and coolness of Final Fantasy 15 very much but that game is very long, very flawed and many hated the combat lol. I loved the game though.
Also check out Monster Hunter Rise and World, I'm sure you've seen people comparing MH and Souls games before.
The Arkham games have by far the best hand to hand combat in any game I've ever played! Highly recommend, and those games are just great games in general, but the combat there is chef's kiss
Why the hell nobody suggested Wo Long yet? It's like Sekiro's combat with more variety. Suuuuper satisfying. Nioh 2 is a close second.
God of War combat is really good DMC 5 Bayonetta FF16
Reddit reReddit: Top posts of September 5, 2023
Reddit reReddit: Top posts of September 2023


--- SOURCE: https://www.g2a.com/news/features/games-with-good-combat/ ---
G2A.COM G2A News Features Games with Best Combat
Most games feature some degree of combat.
Sometimes it’s extremely abstracted and simplified, other times it’s the main focus. In this list we’re taking a look at the latter: we’re here to bring to your attention games which have tight, polished, exciting combat systems. Most are melee-focused action games, but there are a few surprises which break this trend, but still very much qualify.
Some of these systems will be complex, others will be relatively simple, but responsive and impactful. Other still may be amazing by their tactical depth or sheer fun factor. The one thing that unifies them is the joy and satisfaction you get out of them once you master the skills necessary to turn into an engine of destruction.
Its recent arrival on PC is a great excuse to put Ghost Tsushima on the list of the best combat sytems in video games.
Most of the system revolves around swordsmanship, with the family katana as the primary weapon, but there’s also a bow and smaller gadgets like thrown kunai or distracting firecrackers. Blended together, they give the protagonist, Jin Sakai, a range of tactical options for any situation.
Swordfighting is governed by four stances effective against specific enemy types, and coming with their own special attacks. Beyond these forms, the system heavily features dodges and parrying, including perfect variants which might even trigger unique mechanical effects. Combined with high lethality, combat in GoT is tense, fast, and satisfying, complementing the game’s themes and story.
Excellent third-person melee-first action game
Stealth is a valuable tool, and is sometimes the preferred approach
Sifu is an absolute treat for enthusiasts of unarmed martial arts.
This third-person action game goes to great lengths to present a believable and realistic depiction of a style closely related to Bak Mei kung fu. The system takes some time to learn, but when you do, the flurry of dodges, blocks, whip-fast strikes and crowd-controlling holds looks and feels incredible to unleash.
Over time you’ll learn additional maneuvers, learn how to better utilize improvised staffs or loose pipes, letting you knock out goons and elites as if you were an incarnation of Bruce Lee himself. The game has several stages, each following a different theme, and culminating in a boss fight which is perfectly easy to pass… as long as you have mastered your basics. It’s that kind of game.
When you die, you get a few years older… can you beat the final boss before getting too old?
Incredible animations and responsive controls
A challenge mode for people who crave more combat
Scarlet Nexus flew a bit under the radar when it launched in 2021, despite its obvious quality.
It’s an action RPG from Bandai Namco, which makes it a cousing to Code Vein and Tales of Arise. It’s a strong competition, and Scralt Nexus is keen to meet it fair and square with a sword and impressive telekinetic abilities, which turn the environments into, essential an arsenal of improvised weapons.
What’s important, is that stringing a random debris toss into your combos feels smooth and convenient. Swordfighting itself also feels great, and through SN’s dual protagonists you’ll experience two different playstyles. Yuito focuses on using a katana first, telekinesis second, while his counterpart, Kasane, prefers ranged combat with a stronger focus on TK and helpful throwing knives.
Excellent, telekinetically enhanced combat
The enemies you fight have excelent, freaky designs
Warhammer: Vermintide 2 take s a combined arms approach, in that it won’t take long before the ground will be littered with the combines arms of Chaos worshippers and Skaven.
Jokes aside, combat in Vermintide 2 isn’t ass deep as in other games here, but it’s incredibly satisfying anyway, and feels fantastically tactile when you slice through a swarming horde of humanoid rats.
Each weapon has its own specific traits, some having substantial buffs to defense, others capable of cleaving through multiple enemies, etc. These attributes make a big difference in how the given character is going to fight even withing a single career. An Ironbreaker fielding Hammer and Shield with Drakefire Pistols will be very different from one using A War Pick with a Handgun, for example.
5 playable characters, each with four very different careers
Intense first-person melee and range combat
A ton of weapon types and an upgrade system to make them stronger
More story-driven than you’d expect it to be
Hi-Fi Rush was a sneaky hit of 2023, a character-action game taking the best lessons from the likes of Devil May Cry, but mixing them with… a rhythm game.
For plot reasons, the entire world of the game obeys the same rhythm. Platforms move to the beat, enemies’ attacks are timed accordingly, and your own strikes are much stronger if you can sync with the music. It creates a fascinating mix.
When you figure out the timing, you know when you’re going to be hit, giving you an edge for dodging and parrying. When you know the beat, you know how to maximise your damage and possibly unleash an extra-powerful special or a team-up move. Attaining a state of flow in Hi-Fi Rush feels incredibly satisfying, especially since the game’s aesthetic and animations make it vibrant and lively.
Mixing melee combat with a rhythm game was a match made in heaven
Excellent, cartoonish, cel shaded art style and designs
Developed by studio behind The Evil Within and Ghostwire: Tokyo
Jedi Survivor built very competently on the foundations established by its predecessor, Jedi: Fallen Order.
In terms of combat, which interests us here and now, it deepened and expanded the combat styles. Each of the three forms from JFO (single blade, two sword, double-bladed sword) received a dedicated progression trees, and we got two more styles on top of those.
The new styles are an interesting mix sword and blaster combo giving you impressive ranged option with customizable special shots, and a two-handed form which is slow, but hits like a ton of bricks. You can have two styles equipped simultaneously, switching between them with a button, which makes you much more responsive in combat and encourages mastering several playstyles.
Five fully developed forms of lightsaber, including an odd but cool Sword and Blaster
Drastically improved movement options, including a grappling hook
Many fantastic, thrilling scripted sequences, this time with way fewer slides
A fun hub for the story: a cantina on a remote planet
The full release of Baldur’s Gate 3 was a momentous even for gaming, and cemented Larian’s game among the genre’s best.
It doesn’t have dynamic sword fighting or anything of the sort, but its turn-based combat is excellent for the task of making you feel like you can do anything. Toss an exploding barrel, throw an enemy off a cliff, or turn into a massive beast and dropkick people to death…
With twelve distinct classes, each with several subclasses, a complex system of actions and reactions, powerful abilities, and a reactive environment, fights in BG3 are impressively tactile. The reason you might have not heard of all that, is because the community discussions focus a lot more on the dramatic, well-written, cinematically presented and incredibly reactive story. Truly, a cRPG for the ages.
A lot of fun tools to define your build… and an easy respect if you mess up
The battlefields are hardly ever static, something weird is always likely to happen
One of the unquestionable hits of 2023 and the genre in general
Many different endings, including a few for the most villainous of you
It’s not unusual for Devil May Cry games to have multiple playable characters.
What is somewhat unusual is to make them central to the game and THAT different in playstyle. In DMC5 we’ve got weapon-juggling Dante whose combos looks like a flurry of weapon swaps, Nero, who’s committed to his sword and gun, but has a gallery of cool prosthetic arms with various powers, and then there’s V.
V is an odd one, because this fellow is rather un-athletic and vulnerable, so instead of weapons he uses summoned creatures: a raven, a panther, and a goliath, all with their own range of attacks and abilities you can deploy. Oh, and of course there’s also a Vergil DLC. Truly, DMC5 is a treat for any fan of figuring out ridiculous combos and playstyle diversity.
Three playable characters in the core game, each with a very different style
The peak of DMC gameplay complexity, but it’s not inaccessible to newcomers
The better you play, the richer the soundtrack
Many years after the original came Dragon’s Dogma 2, and it brought with it a lot of new things to enjoy.
In addition to a fresh world to save, it also brought back the original’s juicy combat system, now best experienced through ten vastly different vocations AKA classes. There are classics like a sword-and-shield fighter or a support mage… but there’s also Warfarer, the star of the game.
Warfarer is a vocation which can use every other vocation’s armor, weapons, and abilities, letting you assemble your own unique playstyle. The trick is that you have to switch active weapons to use associated skills, and you have to predefine the rotation. It takes some planning, and a lot of skill to use it effectively, but when you do it’s where DD2’s combat system becomes absolutely brilliant.
Ten distinct vocations, including one built for multiclassing
A large world which never lacks in enemies to climb onto and stab in the… eye
Your NPC companions, Pawns, are plugging the gaps in your offense and defense alike
Surrounded by a list of sword masters of all sorts, Titanfall 2 nevertheless deserves a spot, because it does all sorts of cool things about its shooting.
It comes mostly through the exceptional mobility, which allows you to run circles around you enemies and attack them from unexpected angles. The tutorial alone teaches you to shoot and throw grenades while wall-running and sliding.
Before long you’ll also gain access to a Titan, a hulking mech/robot with its own growing selection of abilities. Shields which allow you to throw bullets back at you enemies, flamethrowers, swords, there’s a loadout for every situation. Jumping into the fray in Titanfall 2 is exciting every time, and once you score three headshots while wall-running you won’t want to go back to earth-bound shooters.
A perfect mix of parkour and deadly firepower
You also get to stomp around in a big mech
With practice you’ll fluidly slide and wall-run from enemy to enemy
Mordhau is a treat for any enthusiast of medieval armed combat. And unarmed too, if you’re determined enough.
The game features an impressive arsenal of weapons and armor you can equip to battle, limited mostly by the very sensible points system. Once you’re on the battlefield, that’s when the fun begins. There are plenty of maneuvers you can perform, including the titular Mordhau.
Each weapon handles differently, each armor has its benefits and drawbacks (like speed penalties), and while the fights tend to be quite hectic, there is a lot of room for technique and skill to shine. Dodging blows, parrying, even mounted combat are all in there. Techniques are more about spur of the moment decision than deploying specific combos, but that just adds to the realism.
One of the most realistic PvP melee combat simulators
Chivalry 2 functions in a similar space as Mordhau: an online multiplayer game focus on melee PvP.
It doesn’t go too far into simulation, settling for three attack paths (two slashes and a stab) which you can chain together smoothly. On the defensive side, you can, of course, block attacks, and a well-times parry can stagger your attacker, opening them up for a counterstrike.
A neat thing is that if you happen to sever an enemy’s limb you can pick it up and clobber the next opponent with it. On top of individual combat, you can also get behind a ballista, or join other players in a siege. Battles can get quite large, with up 64 players supported. You’ll always have plenty of opponents but be careful where you swing your weapons: friendly fire is a thing.
Relatively simple, but fast and satisfying combat system
Several maps and three core modes: Free-for-All, Team Objective, and Team Deathmatch
After Dark Souls and Bloodborne, the famous FromSoftware studio decided to make something familiar, but a bit different.
See, in Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice the default way to win a fight isn’t to whittle the healthbar down to zero. Instead, if you can throw the enemy off-balance they’ll be open for a lethal blow, ending most fights immediately. The thing is…you need good timing for that.
To do that, you need to fill the opponent’s Posture bar, but perfect parries or special dodges will help you along. Timing is absolutely crucial in Sekiro, but, thankfully, you also have a number of ninja gadgets which can help you tremendously. Sekiro’s combat is fast, precise, leaves little room for blunders, but when you perfectly parry a boss’ barrage of blows, it feels amazing.
Set in a fantastical version of a Sengoku period Japan
Beautiful and well-designed levels and encounters
Created by the developers of the Ninja Gaiden series, Nioh can draw on years of experience to deliver an excellent and varied action game.
Where Sekiro focused on a single weapon, the katana, Nioh takes a broader approach, and lets players pick and choose from a broad arsenal of weapons, all of which have their own progression independent from your character’s William Adams.
In addition to the multitude of weapons, you also need to consider the three stances you can assume in combat, the aggressive high stance, balanced medium stance, and defensive low stance. Add to THAT Ki management techniques and you get an action game with a combat system with plenty of depth and breadth. Choose your weapon, master your skills, and complete William’s vendetta.
You can read our comparison between Sekiro and Nioh
Inspired by the history of a real-life Irish samurai
Several weapon types, three stances, plenty of skills to master
A combat system doesn’t need to be incredibly complex or realistic to be awesome. Hollow Knight is a great example of that.
Its combat system is fast, responsive, and features special “Nail Art” abilities to use in conjunction with the basic dashes, strikes, and jumps. And you will need to get the hang of them all, because the boss fights don’t mess around and require focus and concentration.
Oh, in addition to Nail Arts you ALSO get spells which cost Soul but their effects are worth the price. Once you get all the abilities, the boss fights turn into a flurry of well-timed dashes, exploding spells, and quick strikes. Hollow Knight is rightfully held as one of the best Metroidvanias currently on the market, and one of the best-animated 2D games you can play right now.
Bulletstorm wants nothing more than to give you the tools and motivation to be as creative with its guns as you could possibly be.
It accomplished that through Skillshot system, which awards you points for…almost everything that isn’t just boring shooting. It ranges from targeting specific body parts to using alternate fire modes to accomplish some highly specific things.
And you can combo all of that! Sending your enemy into the air, setting them on fire, leashing them back down you just so you can kick them into a cactus is a thing you can do, and the game wants you to be even MORE elaborate. All for the sweet, sweet points you can then use for (special) ammo and upgrades. Furthermore, the Skillshots also have delightfully silly names, which is a big plus.
The Skillshot system does a great job motivating you to get creative
Eight cool guns with explosive alternate fire modes
Monster Hunter: World already has a great, deep combat system, featuring 14 weapons with unique moves and qualities.
Even weapons which might seem similar, like greatsword and longsword function in fundamentally different ways, and that’s not even getting to odd weapons such as a charge blade or the hunting horn. And then the Iceborne expansion came and added a new bunch of new stuff.
In addition to a whole new world to monsterhunt in, Iceborne introduced the clutch claw. With this buffed up grappling hook you can dish out some damage or steer a monster towards a wall. There are also new weapon-specific moves worth adding to the usual move flow, not only because they are very useful, but also because they look pretty damn cool, which is nothing to sneeze at.
14 weapon types, all with unique move sets
Excellent boss fights and creative monster designs
Strong emphasis on assembling a proper loadout for the hunts
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, produced by the creators of hits like NieR: Automata and Bayonetta.
Platinum Games, is a pretty interesting game, really. With the cyberninja Raiden as its protagonist, it has a perfectly functional core combat system, but what gets it the spot on this list is the Blade Mode, AKA “Cut Everything” AKA “Oh dear lord, so detailed”.
If something has a discrete model, then there is 95% chance you’ll be able to cut it to tiny pieces. If you’re determined enough, you can cut a watermelon down to party-appropriate pieces. The game launched in 2013 (where did the time go?) and yet nobody seems eager to do something similar. We do have dismemberment in many games, of course, but nothing near the freeform of Revengeance.
Features Raiden, whom you might know from other Metal Gear games
Dark Messiah is a spin-off from the Might and Magic series, a first-person perspective shooter/slasher with deliciously meaty combat and its systems were full of kinetic joy.
If you pick melee combat as your focus, you’ll find yourself hacking orcs to pieces with swords, whacking them around with staves, and every hit and every parry feels like it has proper weight behind it.
If that’s not enough to provide a nice immersion, you quickly discover the joys of ragdolling enemies with well-aimed kicks, swinging chandeliers, or falling barrels. If you’re tactical enough, you’ll impale your foes on spikes abundant in the game’s environments. Magic works like wonder, too, with a level of interactivity unseen until Divinity: Original Sin (and its successors) decided to make it one of its core features.
You can use the environment to your advantage
Mount & Blade: Warband is a very good for for this list mostly because of its massive variety of melee weapons.
Each of them has its own stats you need to consider: things like speed rating or separate damage values for each attack type. Some weapons even have different modes (e.g. you can use a bastard sword one-handed or two-handed), or special properties, like punching through parries.
You control the type of attack with mouse movement and parrying is managed in the same way. Momentum has importance too, especially if you grab a lance and choose to kill someone from horseback. The game isn’t pretty, true, but the combat and battles are a ton of fun, and every weapon feels unique.
UPDATE: The sequel, Bannerlord, launched in 2020, improved on virtually everything.
A sandbox experience in a medieval-like world
Plenty of realistic weapons, both ranged and melee
Yeah, we had the Force Unleashed series, which made lightsaber combat look cool, but it never managed to make lightsaber feel cool.
This is where the Jedi Knight games come in. First with Jedi Outcast II, specifically, and then in Jedi Academy, which added a few very welcome features and extra variety to the gameplay.
Running around slashing foes, directing attacks with subtle movements of your mouse buttons and pre-determined maneuvers was a blast, especially with Raven Software’s dismemberment engine. Jedi Academy added dual lightsabers, and Darth Maul-like staves, each with unique movesets, of course. Buff it all up with acrobatics, and The Force Unleashed can hide.
Kyle Katarn is awesome both as a protagonist and as a mentor
Jedi Academy features dual lightsabers and double-bladed lightsaber
Keeping up the theme of abnormally fast games with absurd skill ceiling, let’s talk Guilty Gear.
The decades-old franchise is in some ways a fighting game version of Devil May Cry. Although it has entered the 3D world with the release of Xrd, it lost none of the speed and crispness of the previous, sprite-based incarnations.
There’s all the complexity expected from fighting games, with cancels, five types of attacks, specials, and more. GG’s systems are complex and require split-second reaction speed, which make it less friendly to newcomers, but very satisfying once you get the hang of them. Oh, and the soundtracks are some prime-quality hard rock, as befits the franchise so heavily inspired by rock history.
Looks fantastic, but has a very pronounced anime aesthetic
At its core, For Honor’s system unitially seems to boil down to picking one of three directions: top, left, or right. If your enemy matches the direction of their guard to your attack, it’s blocked.
Then you add fast and heavy attacks, specific moves of the various and numerous classes…
Before long you figure out that what looks like a fairly simple rock-paper-scissors type of deal gets enough modifiers and complexities to turn it into a competent, deep 3D fighting game. There are several modes to check out, plenty of classes from several factions, and a lot of customization options to unlock, because looking good on a field of battle is important.
Tekken 8 being playable on PC is a cause for celebration already. It also happens to be a pretty darned nifty fighting game, perfecting the more than 20 years old system, and pushing it to the logical conclusion.
This is what a long time of “testing” in Japanese arcades does to games, it seems. Tekken at its core is focused on controlling individual limbs, chaining attacks, and looking great.
It’s probably among the smoothest fighting games out there, system and animation-wise. The hitboxes are also very detailed, which can lead to some amazing replays. Tekken might not be the most complex of them all, but polish and cutting away things which do not work is also an important part of development. And Tekken is great at this.
Precise martial art-focused fighting game
Represents many different fighting styles
The presence of this series is probably no surprise to anyone here. Soulsbornes have become something of a measuring stick for many people.
The games have a certainly demanding combat system, which is typically reasonably fair, but also knows no mercy. The key to victory lies in managing your stamina, which is drained by…everything, and in learning your enemies’ attack patterns.
Working out the proper timing to attack, block, dodge will hopefully keep you beyond the striking range of your opponents. It’s a series of games with a very deliberate tempo, nothing like DMC’s mad speed. The always present threat of violent death, and combat system unlike many we’ve seen before all put From Software’s games as the shining example of how to do challenging combat in games, for better or worse.
Patience is rewarded, as is learning your enemies’ moves
Many different weapon types from which you can choose your favorite
So there you have it. Twenty games with good combat systems. Some require skill and patience to master, others are simpler, but with a large scope, or offering excellent interactivity. We’ve even found room for turn-based Baldur’s Gate 3, and two dedicated shooters.
However, you can’t “try again” until you take the first step, so head on yonder to our marketplace and grab the game which sounds like the most fun, considering your preferences. You’re bound to find attractive deals which will sweeten the experience.


--- SOURCE: https://gamerant.com/open-world-games-best-combat-ranked/ ---
Sign in to your Game Rant account Summary Red Dead Redemption 2 offers precise and advanced combat with the Dead Eye system. Metal Gear Solid 5 features engaging combat encounters that feel natural and unpredictable. Fallout 4 provides chaotic shooting scenes and utilizes the VATs system for targeting specific enemy parts. The open-world video game genre has become one of the staples of the industry. These huge, expansive worlds have left players in awe for decades. And within the scope of unlimited possibilities and things to do within these worlds, some of them have also created deep, complex combat systems that allow players to feel powerful in a hostile and aggressive world. These games have found ways to infuse incredible combat into huge worlds, a task that has proven rather difficult over the years due to the unpredictability of the player's involvement. Some of these games have focused combat encounters around melee and magic, while others see players engaging enemies with firearms and tactical espionage. Whatever route a game takes, these titles have done so with precision, crafting the best combat systems in the open-world genre. These open-world games have been ranked based on their battle systems, and how well the combat encounters are woven into the environments. Related 8 Most Iconic RPG Open Worlds Ever Made Open-world games are the shining star of the gaming industry. Of the many settings found within this genre, these are the most timeless and iconic. Posts 1 By Alex Daniel Reid May 4, 2025 7 Red Dead Redemption 2 Use Dead Eye To Eliminate Enemies Red Dead Redemption 2 10/10 Released October 26, 2018 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M for Mature: Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Nudity, Sexual Content, Strong Language, Use of Drugs and Alcohol Developer(s) Rockstar Games Genre(s) Action, Adventure Powered by Expand Collapse Rockstar's open-world Wild West epic began in 2003 when they purchased the rights to the Red Dead IP from Capcom, which led to the franchise becoming one of the cornerstones of the company. While the original Red Dead Redemption was an instant classic when it launched in 2010, Rockstar produced a prequel in 2018 that took everything about the first game and improved on it, including the already compelling combat. Much like the first game, Red Dead Redemption 2 uses the Dead Eye system, which allows the player to lock onto enemies and slow down time in order to mark enemies for execution. Thanks to the improvements in hardware after RDR1, the prequel features a much more dynamic, free-flowing version of Dead Eye that also utilizes advanced gore to sell the harsh reality of the Old West. Shooting in Red Dead Redemption 2 feels precise and snappy, and is easily Rockstar's most accomplished combat system. 6 Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain The Franchise's Most Complete Combat System Metal Gear Solid 5 The Phantom Pain 9/10 Released September 1, 2015 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB m Developer(s) Konami, Kojima Productions Genre(s) Stealth, Action-Adventure, Shooter, Adventure Powered by Expand Collapse Metal Gear creator Hideo Kojima continued to expand the combat possibilities of the franchise with Snake Eater and Guns of the Patriots. However, the most refined version of the series' combat system was released in 2015 with The Phantom Pain. Utilizing nearly every aspect of prior combat systems, Kojima and his team crafted a unique, engaging world. Encounters feel natural and are treated with an unpredictability that makes each one more exciting than the last. Related 5 Metal Gear Environments Based On Real World Locations The Metal Gear franchise is known for its combination of real-world locations mixed with fictional history, and these are the best examples. Posts By Maddie Fisher May 18, 2025 After setting the stage with Ground Zeroes, a prologue released a little over a year prior to the launch of The Phantom Pain, the team at Kojima Productions crafted what is still one of the most incredible examples of an open-world stealth game ever made. The Phantom Pain also offers a wide variety of tools and abilities that Snake can use during combat. The act of marking a base for infiltration, then raiding it, is one of the most addictive game feels of the last generation. Guns feel powerful and aggressive, while dismantling enemies with CQC remains one of the most satisfying feelings in the franchise's history. 5 Fallout 4 The Best Version Of The Franchise's Hectic Shooter Gameplay Fallout 4 9/10 Released November 10, 2015 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M FOR MATURE: BLOOD AND GORE, INTENSE VIOLENCE, STRONG LANGUAGE, USE OF DRUGS Developer(s) Bethesda Genre(s) RPG, Action Powered by Expand Collapse After shepherding Fallout from its roots as a top-down 2D experience into a 3D first-person RPG, Bethesda continued to improve and challenge the status quo of this iconic franchise. This culminated in the fourth entry, which launched in 2015. With Fallout 4 taking full advantage of next-generation hardware, Bethesda managed to create what is still the best combat in the franchise. Even a decade later, it remains one of the most fun open-world RPGs of all time. Much like the rest of the series, Fallout 4 uses VATS, the Vault-Tec Assisted Targeting System, which allows players to effectively pause the game and target specific body parts of enemies. It bridges the gap between classic and modern Fallout, allowing the new games to play similarly to the older titles without feeling like too radical of a departure. Fallout 4 features some of the most intense, chaotic shooting scenes in the series. It also recently received a next-gen update for modern consoles, making it even more exciting to jump into today. 4 Elden Ring FromSoftware's Trademark Combat Blends Seamlessly Into Their First Open World Elden Ring 10/10 Released February 25, 2022 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M for Mature: Blood and Gore, Language, Suggestive Themes, Violence Developer(s) From Software Genre(s) RPG, Action Powered by Expand Collapse After creating some of the most influential, successful video games of all time, FromSoftware decided to take their skill at designing intricate labyrinths and direct that effort into the open-world genre. The end result was Elden Ring, a massive and wonderfully detailed open world. The came captures FromSoftware's uncanny ability to create hand-crafted settings , but never lost a step when it came to combat, a specialty of this talented studio. Related 9 FromSoftware Games With The Steepest Learning Curves, Ranked FromSoftware games are notorious for their difficulty and challenge, but some have much steeper learning curves than others. Posts By Ollie Tuscarny Apr 7, 2025 The prospect of transitioning FromSoftware's combat style into a large-scale experience was risky, but it worked out wonderfully. Like FromSoftware's other games, Elden Ring relies on detail-oriented combat, where each encounter requires something different. Confrontations with enemies and bosses are built around patience, tasking the player with utilizing every skill at their disposal. The combat system featured in Elden Ring is one of FromSoftware's best, alongside classics like Bloodborne and Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. 3 The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild The Iconic Franchise Goes Open-World The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild 10/10 Released March 3, 2017 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB E for Everyone: Fantasy Violence, Use of Alcohol, Mild Suggestive Themes Developer(s) Nintendo EPD Genre(s) Action, Adventure Powered by Expand Collapse After spending decades creating some of the most legendary worlds and locations in video games, The Legend of Zelda franchise was poised to break out, and did so in spectacular fashion with Breath of the Wild. The Zelda series has featured some rather large worlds in the past, but Breath of the Wild was a step above into a fully open world. It also maintained the franchise's commitment to impeccable combat. Breath of the Wild features fast-paced, entertaining melee combat and outstanding ranged conflict. As Link feels nimble and agile, moving him through the wide open fields of Hyrule is incredible, and engaging with the game's expansive variety of enemies is a delight. In terms of combat, the Zelda franchise has never felt better, as the player has access to a huge list of tools and abilities to overcome the evil that threatens Hyrule. The physics of the world makes it feel alive, like anything is possible. 2 Cyberpunk 2077 Wake Up, Samurai Cyberpunk 2077 6/10 Released December 10, 2020 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M for Mature: Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Nudity, Strong Language, Strong Sexual Content, Use of Drugs and Alcohol Developer(s) CD Projekt Red Genre(s) RPG, Action Powered by Expand Collapse After a rough launch in 2020, developers CD Projekt Red worked to elevate Cyberpunk 2077 to the game it was promised to be. They have done a remarkable job in that quest. One of the areas that was in need of refinement the most was combat, and CDPR was able to transform the game into something special, a far cry from its disappointing launch. Cyberpunk 2077's kinetic, entertaining combat has evolved and re-shaped itself over the years, emerging as one of the most fun open-world video games on the market. As an RPG, Cyberpunk allows the player to choose what combat avenues they want to explore, offering a fantastic variety of different play styles. Ranging from the Netrunner to the Corpo build, Cyberpunk 2077 offers a huge, distinct number of possibilities. Shooting and melee feel fabulous, with terrific feedback, as Cyberpunk 2077 remains one of the genre's most spectacular entries. 1 Marvel's Spider-Man With Great Power, Comes Great Responsibility Marvel's Spider-Man Released September 7, 2018 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB T For Teen Due To Blood, Drug Reference, Language, Mild Suggestive Themes, Violence Developer(s) Insomniac Games Genre(s) Action, Adventure, Open-World Powered by Expand Collapse Having dominated film, television and video games for the past sixty years, Spider-Man has become one of the entertainment industry's most iconic and successful characters. But when it comes to Spidey's turn in video games, no title has ever been able to compete with 2018's Spider-Man. This open-world masterpiece felt like a dream come true for fans of the webhead. The developers at Insomniac knew that one of the most important aspects of a video game based on Spider-Man is the action, and they passed with flying colors. This stellar title features the best combat system in any open-world game on the market today. Related Most Fun Marvel Games, Ranked Marvel games vary in genre, but these titles are an absolute blast to play. Posts 4 By C.M Edwards May 9, 2025 Spider-Man uses all the things that make the character so appealing in his other media appearances. Every element of his wall-crawling, web-slinging, and furious punches and kicks work in tandem. The feeling of zipping around an environment, flipping over enemies, and delivering brutal take-downs is still unmatched by any open-world game, as it allows players to live out the power fantasy of being Spider-Man. And when Spidey isn't taking out waves of goons and towering bosses, sneaking around and picking enemies off from above feels magical. Spider-Man captures the spirit and action of the classic Marvel Comics character flawlessly, and is in a class of its own when it comes to open-world combat. More 8 Best Open Worlds In Bethesda Games, Ranked As the kings of open-world RPGs, Bethesda has some incredible settings in their library, and none more so than these open worlds. Posts 4 By Eman Fatima May 4, 2025
Red Dead Redemption 2 offers precise and advanced combat with the Dead Eye system.
Metal Gear Solid 5 features engaging combat encounters that feel natural and unpredictable.
Fallout 4 provides chaotic shooting scenes and utilizes the VATs system for targeting specific enemy parts.
The open-world video game genre has become one of the staples of the industry. These huge, expansive worlds have left players in awe for decades. And within the scope of unlimited possibilities and things to do within these worlds, some of them have also created deep, complex combat systems that allow players to feel powerful in a hostile and aggressive world. These games have found ways to infuse incredible combat into huge worlds, a task that has proven rather difficult over the years due to the unpredictability of the player's involvement.
Some of these games have focused combat encounters around melee and magic, while others see players engaging enemies with firearms and tactical espionage. Whatever route a game takes, these titles have done so with precision, crafting the best combat systems in the open-world genre. These open-world games have been ranked based on their battle systems, and how well the combat encounters are woven into the environments.
Open-world games are the shining star of the gaming industry. Of the many settings found within this genre, these are the most timeless and iconic.
Rockstar's open-world Wild West epic began in 2003 when they purchased the rights to the Red Dead IP from Capcom, which led to the franchise becoming one of the cornerstones of the company. While the original Red Dead Redemption was an instant classic when it launched in 2010, Rockstar produced a prequel in 2018 that took everything about the first game and improved on it, including the already compelling combat.
Much like the first game, Red Dead Redemption 2 uses the Dead Eye system, which allows the player to lock onto enemies and slow down time in order to mark enemies for execution. Thanks to the improvements in hardware after RDR1, the prequel features a much more dynamic, free-flowing version of Dead Eye that also utilizes advanced gore to sell the harsh reality of the Old West. Shooting in Red Dead Redemption 2 feels precise and snappy, and is easily Rockstar's most accomplished combat system.
The Franchise's Most Complete Combat System
Metal Gear creator Hideo Kojima continued to expand the combat possibilities of the franchise with Snake Eater and Guns of the Patriots. However, the most refined version of the series' combat system was released in 2015 with The Phantom Pain. Utilizing nearly every aspect of prior combat systems, Kojima and his team crafted a unique, engaging world. Encounters feel natural and are treated with an unpredictability that makes each one more exciting than the last.
5 Metal Gear Environments Based On Real World Locations
The Metal Gear franchise is known for its combination of real-world locations mixed with fictional history, and these are the best examples.
After setting the stage with Ground Zeroes, a prologue released a little over a year prior to the launch of The Phantom Pain, the team at Kojima Productions crafted what is still one of the most incredible examples of an open-world stealth game ever made. The Phantom Pain also offers a wide variety of tools and abilities that Snake can use during combat. The act of marking a base for infiltration, then raiding it, is one of the most addictive game feels of the last generation. Guns feel powerful and aggressive, while dismantling enemies with CQC remains one of the most satisfying feelings in the franchise's history.
The Best Version Of The Franchise's Hectic Shooter Gameplay
After shepherding Fallout from its roots as a top-down 2D experience into a 3D first-person RPG, Bethesda continued to improve and challenge the status quo of this iconic franchise. This culminated in the fourth entry, which launched in 2015. With Fallout 4 taking full advantage of next-generation hardware, Bethesda managed to create what is still the best combat in the franchise. Even a decade later, it remains one of the most fun open-world RPGs of all time.
Much like the rest of the series, Fallout 4 uses VATS, the Vault-Tec Assisted Targeting System, which allows players to effectively pause the game and target specific body parts of enemies. It bridges the gap between classic and modern Fallout, allowing the new games to play similarly to the older titles without feeling like too radical of a departure. Fallout 4 features some of the most intense, chaotic shooting scenes in the series. It also recently received a next-gen update for modern consoles, making it even more exciting to jump into today.
FromSoftware's Trademark Combat Blends Seamlessly Into Their First Open World
After creating some of the most influential, successful video games of all time, FromSoftware decided to take their skill at designing intricate labyrinths and direct that effort into the open-world genre. The end result was Elden Ring, a massive and wonderfully detailed open world. The came captures FromSoftware's uncanny ability to create hand-crafted settings , but never lost a step when it came to combat, a specialty of this talented studio.
9 FromSoftware Games With The Steepest Learning Curves, Ranked
FromSoftware games are notorious for their difficulty and challenge, but some have much steeper learning curves than others.
The prospect of transitioning FromSoftware's combat style into a large-scale experience was risky, but it worked out wonderfully. Like FromSoftware's other games, Elden Ring relies on detail-oriented combat, where each encounter requires something different. Confrontations with enemies and bosses are built around patience, tasking the player with utilizing every skill at their disposal. The combat system featured in Elden Ring is one of FromSoftware's best, alongside classics like Bloodborne and Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice.
3 The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild
After spending decades creating some of the most legendary worlds and locations in video games, The Legend of Zelda franchise was poised to break out, and did so in spectacular fashion with Breath of the Wild. The Zelda series has featured some rather large worlds in the past, but Breath of the Wild was a step above into a fully open world. It also maintained the franchise's commitment to impeccable combat.
Breath of the Wild features fast-paced, entertaining melee combat and outstanding ranged conflict. As Link feels nimble and agile, moving him through the wide open fields of Hyrule is incredible, and engaging with the game's expansive variety of enemies is a delight. In terms of combat, the Zelda franchise has never felt better, as the player has access to a huge list of tools and abilities to overcome the evil that threatens Hyrule. The physics of the world makes it feel alive, like anything is possible.
After a rough launch in 2020, developers CD Projekt Red worked to elevate Cyberpunk 2077 to the game it was promised to be. They have done a remarkable job in that quest. One of the areas that was in need of refinement the most was combat, and CDPR was able to transform the game into something special, a far cry from its disappointing launch.
Cyberpunk 2077's kinetic, entertaining combat has evolved and re-shaped itself over the years, emerging as one of the most fun open-world video games on the market. As an RPG, Cyberpunk allows the player to choose what combat avenues they want to explore, offering a fantastic variety of different play styles. Ranging from the Netrunner to the Corpo build, Cyberpunk 2077 offers a huge, distinct number of possibilities. Shooting and melee feel fabulous, with terrific feedback, as Cyberpunk 2077 remains one of the genre's most spectacular entries.
With Great Power, Comes Great Responsibility
Having dominated film, television and video games for the past sixty years, Spider-Man has become one of the entertainment industry's most iconic and successful characters. But when it comes to Spidey's turn in video games, no title has ever been able to compete with 2018's Spider-Man. This open-world masterpiece felt like a dream come true for fans of the webhead. The developers at Insomniac knew that one of the most important aspects of a video game based on Spider-Man is the action, and they passed with flying colors. This stellar title features the best combat system in any open-world game on the market today.
Marvel games vary in genre, but these titles are an absolute blast to play.
Spider-Man uses all the things that make the character so appealing in his other media appearances. Every element of his wall-crawling, web-slinging, and furious punches and kicks work in tandem. The feeling of zipping around an environment, flipping over enemies, and delivering brutal take-downs is still unmatched by any open-world game, as it allows players to live out the power fantasy of being Spider-Man. And when Spidey isn't taking out waves of goons and towering bosses, sneaking around and picking enemies off from above feels magical. Spider-Man captures the spirit and action of the classic Marvel Comics character flawlessly, and is in a class of its own when it comes to open-world combat.
8 Best Open Worlds In Bethesda Games, Ranked
As the kings of open-world RPGs, Bethesda has some incredible settings in their library, and none more so than these open worlds.


--- SOURCE: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls567999654/ ---
Top 30 Games With The Best Melee Combat Ranked From Best To Worst
1. Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice2019MVideo Game8.9 (6.4K)Set in a reimagining of 1500s Sengoku era Japan. An unnamed shinobi, tasked with protecting a young lord of mystical lineage, who is left for dead when a powerful samurai attacks and chops off his arm.DirectorsKazuhiro HamataniHidetaka MiyazakiStarsDaisuke NamikawaMiyuki SatôJin Urayama
2. Devil May Cry 5: Special Edition2020MVideo Game8.2 (262)A game about Vergil hiring Vergil's brother and Vergil's son to defeat Vergil, so Vergil could become Vergil, featuring Vergil.DirectorHideaki ItsunoStarsJohnny Yong BoschReuben LangdonBrian Hanford
3. God of War: Ragnarök2022MVideo Game9.5 (24K)Kratos and his son Atreus face the oncoming Norse apocalypse, Ragnarok.DirectorsCory BarlogEric WilliamsStarsChristopher JudgeDanielle BisuttiSunny Suljic
4. Bloodborne2015MVideo Game9.2 (9.6K)A hunter awakens in the plagued lands of Yharnam, where the denizens have succumbed to beasthood, in an attempt to learn the truth and how to end the plague, unbeknownst of the true horror lurking within the city.DirectorHidetaka MiyazakiStarsDaniel FineWilliam VanderpuyeAndrew Tiernan
5. Ghost of Tsushima2020MVideo Game9.2 (23K)Set in 1274 on the Tsushima Island, the last samurai, Jin Sakai, must master a new fighting style, the way of the Ghost, to defeat the Mongol forces and fight for the freedom and independence of Japan.DirectorNate FoxStarsDaisuke TsujiKazuya NakaiEric Steinberg
6. Batman: Arkham Knight2015MVideo Game9.0 (28K)With his back against the wall, Batman turns to his closest allies to help him save Gotham City from the clutches of Scarecrow and the Arkham Knight's army. A familiar face also returns to give The Dark Knight a message he cannot ignore.DirectorSefton HillStarsCarlos AlazraquiLaura BaileyTroy Baker
7. God of War III2010MVideo Game9.1 (15K)Armed with his deadly double-chained blades, Kratos must take on Greek mythology's darkest creatures to destroy Olympus and the mighty Zeus himself.DirectorStig AsmussenStarsGeorge BallAdrienne BarbeauSusanne Blakeslee
8. Black Myth: Wukong2024MVideo Game8.8 (2.1K)Black Myth: Wukong is an action RPG rooted in Chinese mythology. You shall set out as the Destined One to venture into the challenges and marvels ahead, to uncover the obscured truth beneath the veil of a glorious legend from the past.WriterCheng'en WuStarsMark Takeshi OtaAndrew KojiSteven Pacey
9. Stellar Blade2024MVideo Game8.3 (1K)In the not-too-distant future, mankind is expelled from Earth after losing the battle against the invaders called the NA:tives. To win back Earth, the player becomes Eve, the survivor of the paratrooper squad deployed from the Colony, who must fight through powerful enemies with new comrades. We invite you to join Eve's adventure in the face of unknown creatures on a desolate, destroyed Earth.DirectorHyung-tae KimStarsRebecca HanssenNezar AlderaziRosie Jones
10. Final Fantasy XVI2023MVideo Game8.5 (2.4K)As a malady known as the Blight ravages the land of Valisthea and its realms plunge into war, Clive Rosfield, the firstborn son of the Archduke of Rosaria, sets out on a dark, dangerous journey to revenge following a tragedy.DirectorsKazutoyo MaehiroHiroshi TakaiYun M. WatanabeStarsBen StarrYûya UchidaYuma Uchida
11. Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor2014MVideo Game8.2 (7.2K)The family of Talion, a ranger of Gondor responsible for guarding the Black Gate of Mordor, is killed by Saurons armies, but Talion is revived with wraith-like abilities and heads into Mordor to exact his revenge.DirectorsMatthew AllenChristian CantamessaNathan HendricksonStarsLaura BaileyMatthew MercerTravis Willingham
12. Elden Ring2022MVideo Game9.3 (15K)In a dark fantasy world created by Hidetaka Miyazaki (Dark Souls) and George R. R. Martin (A Song of Ice and Fire), the player is a Tarnished who is called back to the Lands Between to restore the Elden Ring and become the Elden Lord.DirectorsHidetaka MiyazakiYui TanimuraStarsMartha MackintoshAnthony HowellCon O'Neill
13. Ninja Gaiden II: Black2025MVideo Game7.3 (204)Take on the role of Ryu Hayabusa, a ninja who has inherited the legendary "Dragon Sword" and takes on battles across the world, in this graphic remaster of the popular high-speed ninja action title that returns after 15 years.DirectorShuhei SatoStarsJosh KeatonKeone YoungNeil Kaplan
14. Sifu2022MVideo Game7.6 (1.3K)Sifu is the new game of Sloclap, the independent studio behind Absolver. A third person action game featuring intense hand-to-hand combat. It puts you in control of a young Kung-Fu student on a path of revenge.DirectorJordan LayaniStarsRae LimNicholas GohDan Li
15. The First Berserker: Khazan2025MVideo Game8.1 (218)The First Berserker: Khazan is a hardcore action role-playing game. The player will become Khazan, the great general of the Pelos empire, whom overcame death, and sets out to reveal the incidents that led to his downfall and seek vengeance on his enemies.DirectorJun Ho LeeStarsBen StarrAnthony HowellHenry Lloyd-Hughes
16. Nioh 22020MVideo Game7.9 (559)Nioh 2's story is about the historical warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi. You will play as a yokai character, and together with another main character Toukichiro, become known as Japan's "second great unifier."DirectorFumihiko YasudaStarsNaoto TakenakaHaruKazuhiko Inoue
17. Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance2013MVideo Game7.9 (3.4K)In the year 2018, cybernetic soldier Raiden goes on a mission to stop a terrorist organization from starting a war for financial gain.DirectorsMineshi KimuraHideo KojimaKenji SaitoStarsQuinton FlynnPhilip Anthony-RodriguezMichael Beattie
18. Bayonetta 22014MVideo Game8.4 (874)When Jeanne's soul is dragged into the depths of Inferno after a demon summoning goes horribly wrong, Bayonetta goes on a dangerous quest to Inferno to rescue her friend before its too late.DirectorsYusuke HashimotoIsao NegishiStarsHellena TaylorMark DaughertyCrispin Freeman
19. Lies of P2023MVideo Game8.2 (1.7K)Inspired by the familiar story of Pinocchio, Lies of P is an action souls-like game set in a dark Belle Époque world. Guide Pinocchio on his unrelenting journey to become human.DirectorsChoi Ji-WonHolly ReddawayStarsAllegra MarlandAnthony HowellAnnette Badland
20. Star Wars Jedi: Survivor2023TVideo Game8.8 (8.4K)Young Jedi Knight Cal Kestis and his friends continue in their struggle to survive the tyranny of the Galactic Empire while racing to reach a shrouded planet that can serve as a safe haven.DirectorStig AsmussenStarsCameron MonaghanDebra WilsonNoshir Dalal
21. Rise of the Ronin2024MVideo Game6.9 (449)After three centuries of Shogunate rule, the Black Ships of the West descend upon Japan's borders and the country falls into a state of turmoil. As a masterless samurai - a Ronin, take up your blade and shape the course of history in this open-world action-RPG for PlayStation®5.DirectorsTrine C. JensenCamille ThomanJosh WeedenStarsEiji HanawaYasuyuki KaseYui Ishikawa
22. Astral Chain2019TVideo Game7.6 (260)Humanity's last chance against an interdimensional invasion is a special living weapon called the Legion. As a rookie officer in the elite police task force Neuron, you and your Legion will work together to solve cases and save humankind.DirectorsKaori AndoMakoto OkazakiTakahisa TauraStarsNobunaga ShimazakiChika AnzaiTakaya Hashi
23. Code Vein2019MVideo Game6.6 (405)Set in the near future, where the earth's crust was pierced by the "thorns of judgment" and everything fell to ruin. The setting of the game is "Vein," a closed society where a people known as "Revenants" just barely managed to survive.DirectorsYuta YamamotoHiroshi YoshimuraStarsKaito IshikawaKôsuke ToriumiAi Kayano
24. Darksiders2010MVideo Game7.7 (2.7K)Originally sent to oversee the destruction of Earth, the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse have been betrayed by their master, stripped of their powers and cast down to Earth. The Four Horsemen embark on a quest of vengeance.DirectorKeith AremStarsTroy BakerMoon BloodgoodMark Hamill
25. Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown2024TVideo Game7.8 (799)Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown is an upcoming 2.5D platform action-adventure video game developed and published by Ubisoft.DirectorsJean-Christophe AlessandriJoseph Antoine ClavetJacques ExertierStarsTommy Sim'aanStewart ScudamoreAdam Diggle
26. Dead Cells2018TVideo Game7.8 (1.3K)Unable to die, a mysterious being attempts to escape a magical island prison, but every death sends him back to the beginning.DirectorSebastien Bénard
27. Onimusha: Warlords2001MVideo Game8.1 (787)During the Sengoku period, Samanosuke, a mighty Samurai of the Akechi clan, is summoned by the Princess to fight against the forces of Nobunaga Oda, a powerful warlord and leader of murderous demons who invaded the kingdom.DirectorJun TakeuchiStarsTakeshi KaneshiroAkio ÔtsukaNao Takamori
28. Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 22014MVideo Game7.5 (900)Dracula awakens after decades of slumber to find that Satan's return is imminent. He reluctantly teams up with his old enemy Zobek to stop the apocalypse from happening.DirectorsEnric ÁlvarezJesús CoboStarsRobert CarlylePatrick StewartRichard Madden
29. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King2003TVideo Game8.3 (3.3K)Play as Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Gandalf and Sam as you battle for the fate of Middle-earth.DirectorsBret RobbinsChris TremmelStarsElijah WoodSean AstinIan McKellen
29. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
30. Ghost Rider2007TVideo Game6.9 (368)The Ghost Rider makes justice beating monsters and devils.DirectorMark SimmonsStarsDave FouquetteLiam O'BrienPeggy O'Neal


--- SOURCE: https://gg.deals/blog/best-story-driven-games-to-play-on-pc-steam/ ---
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.


--- SOURCE: https://www.techradar.com/best/best-story-games ---
The best story games in 2025 are more than just tall tales. These titles take full advantage of the interactive nature of video games to deliver truly memorable and emotionally stirring narratives.Like many of the best RPGs (role-playing games) and best single-player games, the best story games pull you into their worlds with well-written characters, carefully calibrated storylines, and gripping set pieces. However, it's worth remembering that great video game storytelling can be found in all sorts of places. While our best story games list is full of RPGs, we've also included some of the best horror games.Here at TechRadar Gaming, we know how to identify top-tier story games when we see them. Tens of thousands of our collective lives have gone into playing and researching potential hits, all to help you find your next big adventure. Whether you want a sweeping fantasy adventure or a gritty historical drama, we've got you covered. Read on to find out more.The best story games 2025 Why you can trust TechRadar We spend hours testing every product or service we review, so you can be sure you're buying the best. Find out more about how we test. (Image credit: Sucker Punch)22. Ghost of Yōtei Atsu's journeyOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Absolutely brilliant, visceral, and bloody combat+Superb style throughout, from the map to cinematography+Beautiful world, dense with locations and activities+Top-tier environment design that encourages exploration and discovery+Compelling protagonist and intriguing storyReasons to avoid-Only iterative changes in some places-Some in-world activities get repetitive-Conversation options have little to no consequenceWhy we love it"Ghost of Yotei feels a little like the PS5 exclusive we’ve been waiting for, and a truly great sequel - though not quite a perfect one. Its visceral, bloody combat, wonderful world and map, sense of exploration, and gripping epic tale are true highlights. And while there are a few imperfections, and it really does wear the influence of its predecessor boldly on its sleeve, it's an adventure and landscape to sink hours and hours of enjoyment into." - Rob Dwiar, Techradar Gaming Managing Editor.Platforms available: PS5 (PS5 Pro Enhanced)Ghost of Yotei arrives as a PS5 exclusive, and it has a predictably excellent story that follows new protagonist Atsu. She's on the hunt for a group called the Yōtei Six, gathering intel by helping out locals and tracking down bounties. This sequel really expands upon the first game, adding in new weapon types and skills, while focusing on open-world exploration.After the Yotei Six massacres Atsu's family, you'll jump forward in time, as she seeks revenge. There's great sections where you can instantly switch between childhood memories and present day, making use of the PS5's SSD technology. The story is told using cinematic cutscenes, and there's even options to alter the presentation and camera angles. This is a gripping story that's well worth experiencing on PS5. (Image credit: Nacon)21. Hell Is Us This war of mineOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Bleak but fantastically realised world+Solid Souls-esque combat+Good balance of action, puzzles, and exploration+Graphically impressiveReasons to avoid-Enemy and weapon variety is a bit lacking-Protagonist is as interesting as drying paint-Combat balance falls apart near the end-Third act is all too briefWhy we love it"Hell Is Us feels like a game that can't quite decide whether it wants to be a soulslike or not, but the result is still a fantastic experience that is compelling and worthy of high praise. The game borrows FromSoft's excellent combat and dark world-building to create a solid action-adventure game with a twisted real-world setting, filled with memorable moments and stunning - if bleak - vistas. I just wish there was a little more substance; a lack of weapon and enemy variety, plus an all-too-short finale, hold it back from true greatness." - Christian Guyton, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5 (PS5 Pro Enhanced), Xbox Series X|S, PCHell Is Us is extremely devoted to being exactly the kind of game it sets out to be. There's no map, no mini-map, and an overwhelming bleakness to its world that's to be commended. You'll explore the war-torn land of Hadea, which is in the middle of an invasion by mysterious demon creatures, and a Civil War. The history of Hadea's core conflict go back centuries, and its citizens carry the weight of generations of hatred, racism, and military law.In essence, Hell Is Us plays like a soulslike, but it's also a story-heavy exploration game that rewards player intuition. You'll speak to locals, gather clues and rumors about each locale, and then piece together a path forward. The plot is front and center here, and it's one that covers some seriously challenging subject matter. Hell Is Us is a one-of-a-kind experience that ask a lot from players, but rewards them with a truly detailed world to dive into. (Image credit: Kojima Productions)20. Death Stranding 2: On the Beach Burning BridgesOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Meaningfully builds on the mechanics of the original+Vastly improves the action, while not letting it overpower the game+A far more introspective and character-driven story+Incredible third act+Some of the most gorgeous visuals I’ve ever seenReasons to avoid-Audio glitches are frequent-The story is a lot slower this time around-Won’t change your mind if you didn’t like the first oneWhy we love it"Death Stranding 2: On the Beach is a great example of a sequel that expands on the original without losing sight of it. The traversal is still the star of the show, while the action has been significantly improved without taking over the experience. While a conventional plot takes the back seat for a more character-driven story, the new cast of characters and a phenomenal final third act stick the landing with prime Hideo Kojima bombast." - Scott McRae, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5 (PS5 Pro Enhanced)Death Stranding 2: On the Beach doesn't re-invent the wheel, but does make smart changes to the winning formula of the first game, and as a result is a much more comprehensive experience. You'll set off across Mexico at the start of the story, connecting off-grid locations to the Chiral Network, much like the first game. Things quickly take a turn for the worse, however, and Sam is left to pick up the pieces, before setting out on a new adventure.By switching the main setting to Australia, Death Stranding 2 is quite visually distinct from its predecessor. Sandy dunes and sun-scorched desert are brought to life thanks to dynamic weather and particle effects. This is easily one of the best looking games of the current generation so far, one that contains all of the unique art direction we've come to expect from Kojima Productions. The story is a smaller, more character-focused affair, packing way more emotional punch than we expected. This is easily Kojima's best story so far, and one that's a must play for PS5 players. (Image credit: Sandfall Interative)19. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 C'est MagnifiqueOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Visually spectacular in *every* way+Exciting, deep, and rewarding active turn-based combat+Brilliant voice performances+Beautifully sombre storytelling and a gripping narrative+A whole host of combat skills, systems, and elements to get stuck intoReasons to avoid-Some cinematic sections go on a bit-No journal or minimap to help keep track of side questsWhy we love it"Channeling true JRPG excellence while putting its own western twist on the genre and turn-based combat, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is an absolutely belting game. It has exquisite writing and story craft, wonderfully stylish and multifaceted combat, and is a blisteringly beautiful assault on all the senses from top-notch voice acting and audio to some of the most beautiful environments I’ve seen in years. It has the scope and execution of a game built by hundreds of developers, not a few dozen, and is easily an early game of the year contender." - Rob Dwiar, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, and PCClair Obscur: Expedition is an instant modern classic, simultaneously paying loving homage to classic JRPs while subverting tropes in favor of innovation. The story is a sprawling epic, featuring performances from a star-studded cast. There's Final Fantasy 16's Ben Starr, Baldur's Gate 3's Jennifer English, Daredevil's Charlie Cox, and The Lord of the Rings' Andy Serkis.Vibrant world design grabs your attention immediately, as you set off an expedition alongside a crew of beautifully-realized companions. Visually, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is easily one of the best looking games we've ever played, backed up by a unique art direction inspired by French art history and architectural principles. Fans of the grand and sometimes operatically-inclined plots of classic JRPGs will find plenty to love here, though these classic leanings are intertwined with dark, relatively grounded twists. For fans of Final Fantasy, Suikoden, Chrono Trigger, and DragonQuest. (Image credit: Ryu Ga Gotoku)18. Like a Dragon: Infinite Wealth The gang's all hereOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Heartfelt narrative that expertly balances drama and humor+Hugely improved turn-based battle system+A ton of compelling side contentReasons to avoid-Performance dips in some busier areas-Classes are still gender-lockedWhy we love it"Like a Dragon: Infinite Wealth is a special game with an enthralling narrative that expertly weaves its new characters and plot points with the series’ past. It’s a story that’s as thrilling and intense as it is heartwarming and - occasionally - genuinely hilarious." - Cat Bussell, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, XBO, and PCLike a Dragon: Infinite Wealth continues the story of new series protagonist Ichiban Kasuga, as he heads to Hawaii in search of his Mother. What makes this games story so special is how it weaves into the previous Yakuza games, bringing Kiryu back for another adventure. This time around, Kiryu is older, wiser, and somehow even more deadly, complimenting Ichiban's hopeful optimism and overall good vibes perfectly.For fans of the series, there's plenty of throwbacks and cameos to enjoy here, but even better is the way Infinite Wealth manages to tie old plot lines into new ones, setting the scene for future titles, and rewarding those that have stuck around thus far. The main story is equal parts heartwarming, gripping and intense, managing to present the absolute best the series has to offer so far. (Image credit: Ubisoft)17. Assassin's Creed Shadows Dual bladesOur expert review: Reasons to buy+The series’ best combat+Beautiful world filled with loads to see, do, and kill+Satisfying and rewarding exploration+Dual protagonist system works - from combat styles to mission approachesReasons to avoid-Changing between characters could be more seamless-Hideout mode is underwhelming-Story bounces all over the place and peters outWhy we love it"Assassin’s Creed Shadows is a massive success and a winning combination of stealth and steel. It’s a fantastic entry in the open-world RPG line of games in the stealth series and the most refined version of that style yet, with satisfying and rewarding exploration, brilliant combat, and a dual protagonist system that really works. Even a few minor quibbles can’t hold it back." - Rob Dwiar, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, Mac, and PCAssassin's Creed Shadows finally takes players to Japan, a setting that's been long-requested since the very start of the series. In this iteration, we follow Naoe and Yasuke, as their fates intertwine and send them off on a blood-soaked journey of revenge. Of course, Assassin's Creed Shadows is the latest in the modern RPG version of the series, and as such it focuses on open-world exploration. In many ways, the open world exhibited here is the best Ubisoft has ever put together, managing to look truly impressive in action.Whether you want to play it sneaky with Naoe, or bust through doors with Yasuke, there's combat here that caters to a wide variety of play styles. Many of the series' hallmarks, like Synchronization points, have been retooled, while others, like social stealth and Leaps of Faith are left largely untouched. This'll no doubt please longtime fans, while giving new ones a great place to jump in. Jumping between dual protagonists, Assassin's Creed Shadows' story is truly epic, backed up by some excellent side missions and quests. (Image credit: Don't Nod)16. Lost Records: Bloom & Rage Tape 1 Life is still strangeOur expert review: Reasons to buy+In-depth worldbuilding and visual design cleverly immerse you in two distinct time periods+Thoughtful and emotive writing sets up a compelling coming-of-age story+A curated platter of licensed tracks and delicate scoring frame the game’s many powerful scenesReasons to avoid-Occasional technical hiccupsWhy we love it"Lost Records: Bloom & Rage digs deep into the realities of coming of age in the 90s. Whether through snappy, gorgeously rendered cutscenes, fuzzy homemade VHS tapes, or confused conversations at the local watering hole, it’s a thoughtful story that delivers sincerity in a way that feels quintessentially human. Propped up by a cavalcade of multi-faceted characters, Lost Records: Bloom & Rage Part 1 is a no-holds-barred opening act that will leave you desperate for Part 2." - Sarah Thwaites, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, and PCLost Records: Bloom & Rage is a new IP that explores the uncanny, messy nature of humanity from a stylized and period-specific perspective. So far, it’s an adventure dripping in tactile nostalgia and pithy mystery that evolves the ethos of the games that came before it. Evoking Life is Strange’s episodic approach, Lost Records: Bloom and Rage is split into two parts, with the second tape coming in April 2025.In Lost Records: Bloom & Rage Tape 1, four friends who vowed never to speak after an undisclosed incident are summoned back to their hometown when an ominous package arrives in the mail. You play as Swann, an anxious forty-something who must face the events of the troupe’s ‘lost summer’, rekindling their dormant relationships to understand why the parcel arrived after all this time and what could be inside. so far, it's an excellent story, one that's well worth jumping into and following as the episodes come out. (Image credit: Future)15. Indiana Jones and the Great Circle Whip it goodOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Exciting improvisational combat+Intricate and detailed environments+Loads of reasons to explore+Enjoyable, well-balanced puzzles+Brilliant voice acting and top-tier animationReasons to avoid-Plenty of bugs-Looks rough on Xbox Series SWhy we love it"Indiana Jones and the Great Circle has all the components of a thrilling adventure ripped straight from the silver screen. Its global locations are intricately detailed and a joy to explore (despite suffering from lackluster visuals on Xbox Series S) with secrets hidden around every corner while the combat system is developer MachineGames at its best." - Dashiell Wood, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, and PCIndiana Jones and the Great Circle tells an epic globe-trotting tale that ends up as a shining example of the long-running franchise. In fact, it's the best Indiana Jones story since Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, thanks largely to an excellent performance from Troy Baker. There's a dastardly villain, some familiar side characters, and plenty of twists and turns, all complimented by some truly fun, whip-cracking action.Don't go in expecting Indiana Jones and the Great Circle to be an action-heavy FPS affair, as it shares much more with immersive sims like Thief and Dishonored. It's an Indiana Jones simulator, allowing you to experience the world as Indy, as you solve puzzles, punch Nazis, and document the historical wonders that you find along the way. (Image credit: EA/BioWare)14. Dragon Age: The Veilguard For ThedasOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Dynamic fantasy combat+A delightful cast of supporting characters+Strong, relatable dialogue+Exceptional scope for build customisationReasons to avoid-Side quests often feel rushed-The main story may alienate those new to the series-Cutscenes are undermined by the occasionally dodgy facial animationWhy we love it"Each companion’s personal storyline is a coherent multi-part adventure, composed of dramatic set-piece battles, gripping dialogue, and gentle walk-and-talk scenes framed against Veilguard’s jaw-dropping environments. Having a gut-wrenching discussion about family trauma is one thing, but doing so on a sprawling, torchlit coastline at dusk elevates the scene to new heights." - Cat Bussell, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, and PCAfter a long tine away, BioWare returns with Dragon Age: The Veilguard, a colourful and genuinely epic action RPG that more than lives up to the legacy of its predecessor's. You play Rook, a character that you'll get to customise and design, picking a class that'll determine your play-style. Combat has been completely overhauled, and decidedly modernized, peppered with pitch-perfect parrying, flashy abilities and explosive team-up moves.Whether you're a newcomer to the series, or if you've been playing since the very beginning, Dragon Age: The Veilguard's story has plenty to offer, as you and your crew attempt to thwart the evil plans of Solas the Dreadwolf. Along the way you'll meet new friends, make difficult choices, and maybe even fall in love. (Image credit: 2K)13. The Quarry Teenage nightmareOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Gorgeous visuals+Actors give brilliant performances+QTEs feel natural+Buckets of replay valueReasons to avoid-Not terribly scary-Clunky movement controls-Missable collectibles may frustrateWhy we love it"The Quarry excels at what developer Supermassive does best. Fun characters that are brilliantly acted, a branching narrative that loves to twist the knife and top-shelf visuals make for a game that’s unstoppably thrilling from start to finish." - Rhys Wood, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, XBO, and PCFrom the masters of interactive horror Supermassive Games comes The Quarry, a visually stunning and rip-roaring rollercoaster of a game that features some of the best motion-capture acting in the. business. David Arquette, Ariel Winter and Justice Smith deliver excellent performances as wayward teens trapped in a nightmarish situation where murderous creatures and dating troubles combine.Thanks to a wide suite of modes, you can play The Quarry alongside friends, passing the controller, or voting on key decisions. There's a great story to enjoy that pulls from the likes of Scream, Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Evil Dead to create a familiar but frightening mix. You'll want to try this one out on the Xbox Series X, as the lighting effects and facial animation really are spectacular. (Image credit: EA / Respawn)12. Star Wars Jedi: Survivor Save the JediOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Responsive and deep combat+Strongly delivers on the Jedi fantasy +A detailed and immersive sci-fi world Reasons to avoid-Mixed traversal sections-Characters aren’t given enough time to shine-Suffers from a muddled second act Why we love itStar Wars Jedi: Survivor continues the story set out by its predecessor, building on Cal Kestis, and his crew mates. The result is a compelling tale filled with twists, turns and some truly epic reveals. This is all paired with an expanded lightsaber suite, and a new set of Force abilities to play around with.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, and PCStar Wars Jedi: Survivor manages to deliver on its promise of expanding the world of Cal Kestis beyond the events of Fallen Order. At the beginning of Survivor, we find the team somewhat scattered, as Cal sets off on a mission to rekindle the Jedi order, and save other Force-sensitive individuals. Along the way, you'll meet some familiar faces, and some wonderful new ones, hopping from planet to planet while evading the Empire.What Star Wars Jedi: Survivor excels at is telling a much larger story when compared to its predecessor. There's more characters, way more twists and turns, and some great reveals that tie into the wider Star Wars universe. Pair this with excellent lightsaber combat and even a semi-open world planet and you've got a very good time indeed. (Image credit: Sony)11. God of War Ragnarok The boys are back in townOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Perfectly pitched ambition+Plenty to explore and collect+Clever developments to combat +Nuanced, emotive storytellingReasons to avoid-Traveling between realms is slowWhy we love it"Building upon the themes of its predecessor, God of War Ragnarok’s emotive narrative shines in its subtler moments, while clever evolutions to combat introduce welcome changes that advance gameplay without oversaturating it. It’s a sequel that is often as brutal as it is poignant – and a fitting next chapter in Kratos and Atreus’ journey." - Vic Hood, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, and PCGod of War Ragnarok takes what made its predecessor so epic, and dials it up to eleven. The combat has been refined, adding in shield-focused abilities and skills, and traversal has been improved thanks to a bunch of genuinely fun new tools. Kratos and Atreus face down Odin himself in this gargantuan sequel, and must recruit the help of some uneasy allies to get the job done.There's a great ensemble cast in God of War Ragnarok that helps elevate the story above others in the genre. There's a talking squirrel, more fun from everyone's dismembered head, and plenty of father-son anguish from Kratos and Atreus. The story wraps up Kratos' Norse story rather well, while leaving things open for more adventures later down the line. If you enjoyed the first game, this one is an absolute must play. If you didn't play it, then what are you waiting for! (Image credit: Larian Studios)10. Baldur's Gate 3 Your own personal D&D campaignOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Deep and interesting writing+Fully fleshed-out characters+The best adaptation of D&D combat in video game formReasons to avoid-Such a faithful adaptation that some irritations of D&D’s tabletop irritation remain.-I’m talking about spell slots-Spell slots are really badWhy we love it"Baldur’s Gate 3 is a fine contender for one of the best video game RPGs ever made. It’s the most ambitious RPG out there, and the painstakingly accurate rendition of Dungeons & Dragons will delight fans. A must-play, even if some frustrations with D&D’s format might grate." - Jake Tucker, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S and PCBaldur's Gate 3 offers phenomenal storytelling, more than earning a place on this best story games roundup. Contrary to CRPGs of the past, Baldur's Gate 3 provides a cinematic experience. Every cutscene is expertly voice-acted, with motion capture assisting the voice actors in bringing the game's cast to life. The game also features a narrator whose lavish descriptions are as captivating as they are immersive.Larian Studios' hit RPG presents you with a multitude of branching paths, all of which feel just as rewarding and legitimate as the others. This allows you to craft a tale that's entirely your own, offering you a fantasy playground that, somehow, retains a strong sense of narrative coherency throughout. Whether you're a goody-two-shoes Paladin or a tyrannical Sorcerer, you can play the game your way - no mean feat for a title of this scale. (Image credit: Square Enix)9. Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth Once more with feelingOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Exceptional narrative design and pacing+Fluid and well-developed combat+Captivating characters with impeccable chemistryReasons to avoid-The occasional setpiece falls flat -Story deviations may irritate puristsWhy we love it"Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth proves that the remake trilogy isn’t a remake in the strictest sense. However, if you’re looking to go on another thrilling adventure with Cloud, Tifa, Aerith, Barret, Yuffie, and Red XIII, then you’ve come to the right place - just don’t expect it to be the adventure you’re used to." - Cat Bussell, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth stands as the second installment in the Final Fantasy 7 Remake trilogy. While its predecessor is a gorgeous reimagining of the first act of the 1997 classic, Rebirth goes a step further. This confident, fantastical RPG is jam-packed with meaningful storytelling, unforgettable characters, and plenty of engaging (though never overwhelming) side content.The story follows Cloud Strife, a traumatized mercenary, who, along with his colorful band of allies, is pursuing a quest to stop the nefarious Sephiroth from ending all life on the planet. Rebirth plays fast and loose with big themes and important ideas, giving its tale a sort of mythological quality The RPG's dramatic, bombastic, and confident cutscenes are punctuated by a fantastic combat system which, though nominally in real-time, allows you to pause and make decisions. Rebirth tells an unforgettable tale, addressing themes of friendship, loyalty, tyranny, love, and identity. It's dense, but, if you're looking for a tale that holds nothing back, then this could be the best story game for you. (Image credit: Naughty Dog)8. The Last of Us Part 1 Humans are the real monstersOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Increased accessibility options+More difficulty levels for sadists among you+Lovingly remade without sacrificing anythingReasons to avoid-Repeat players might not notice many changesWhy we love itThe Last of Us Part 1 acts exactly as a remaster should. The improved graphics and mechanics don't come at the expense of the tragic and poignant tale at the game's core. On the contrary, they uplift it, revitalizing the original.Platforms available: PS5, PCThe Last of Us Part 1 is, at the time of writing, the definitive way to experience the tense action sequences and melancholy storytelling that immortalized its original predecessor. Besides graphical improvements and the occasional mechanical tweak, the game remains much as it always has been, providing a gripping post-apocalyptic tale wrapped up in third-person action.Perhaps more than any other title on this list, The Last of Us Part 1 offers impeccable pacing which is reinforced by game mechanics. Frantic combat setpieces are broken up by slow, pensive moments of scavenging, both of which are, in turn, punctuated by cutscenes that masterfully build dramatic tension. Naughty Dog's tale shows us that the most important thing about the end of the world isn't the disaster itself, but the people living with it. (Image credit: Armor Games Studios)7. In Stars and Time Wibbly wobblyOur expert review: Reasons to buy+An endearing cast of characters+An emotional story with a unique narrative style+Detailed and fascinating worldbuildingReasons to avoid-Backtracking can feel tedious-It’s not always clear what information can be carried between loopsWhy we love itIn Stars and Time subverts your expectations by dropping you in at the end of a fantastical adventure rather than at the start. As soon as you begin, you'll find yourself waist-deep in the established relationships between colorful characters, immersing you head-first in the moving story. Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Nintendo Switch, and PCWith roots in classic turn-based RPGs of yore and modern indie triumphs like Undertale, In Stars and Time takes a bold approach towards storytelling which breaks the mold established by many of the best story games on this list. In a manner reminiscent of Deathloop, protagonist Siffrin finds themself trapped in a time loop as they fight to defeat the apocalyptic schemes of the sinister King.The writing sparkles and delights, gradually raising the game's emotional stakes until you find yourself fully invested in its characters. As you loop around again and again, you'll begin to share Siffrin's frustration with their situation. While, on paper, tasks might become repetitive, the very act of repetition pulls you deeper into the story, making for a narrative that captivates and challenges all at once. (Image credit: Remedy Entertainment)6. Alan Wake 2 Sam Lake's dark placeOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Fantastic art style and graphics+Thrilling music+Inventive mechanics+Thought-provoking storyReasons to avoid-A progression-stopping bug-Now I think I’m a detectiveWhy we love it"Alan Wake 2 stands out as a champion among modern survival horror games. Its beautifully woven story encompasses everything you could want from a blockbuster horror title. Expertly crafted cutscenes meld together reality and video games while thrilling combat and frightening chases keep things interesting as you dig into a gripping narrative." - Ellie Gould, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, PCAlan Wake 2 scared and thrilled us in equal measure, setting a new bar for modern survival horror titles. Its compelling storyline is full of twists and turns, more than doing justice to the Stephen King novels that inspired it. From Remedy Entertainment, the third-person horror title embroils you in increasingly unsettling supernatural events, blurring conventional narrative boundaries with all sorts of twists and tricks. Though its predecessor is an excellent psychological horror game, it isn't necessary to play the first game to understand the second, as the more recent title is built with newer players in mind.The story follows the twin perspectives of FBI Agent Saga Anderson and Alan Wake himself as they try to survive the supernatural threats that beset them. The grim tale burrows into your brain, luring you in with tantalizing and shocking mysteries until you're completely immersed in the morbidly fascinating game world. Staff Writer Elie Gould called Alan Wake 2 "beautifully terrifying" in their review for TRG. "I also couldn't ever put it down, despite its scares giving me the shakes." (Image credit: Square Enix)5. Deus ExGod in the machineWhy we love itDeus Ex is, in many respects, a parent to modern immersive sims. Additionally, it offers a cyberpunk story that wrestles with difficult questions about globalization, transhumanism, and political ideology.Platforms available: PC, MacOSReleased in the year 2000, many of the entries on this best story games list owe a great deal to the innovations made in the original Deus Ex. Developed by Ion Storm, this sci-fi RPG has you take on the role of JC Denton, an agent of the United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalition. Like its spiritual successors Deus Ex: Human Revolution and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, the title addresses themes of transhumanism by having its protagonist augmented with superpower-granting nanomachines.As well as offering a well-paced main storyline, Deus Ex allows the player to tell their own story by completing objectives their own way. Stealth, conversation, and brute force are all tools in your arsenal, to be used whenever and however you see fit. Even the ending, which we won't spoil, offers tremendous scope for player choice, forcing you to put your moral code on the line as you determine the fate of the world. (Image credit: CD Projekt Red)4. Cyberpunk 2077 City of nightmaresOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Peerless quest design+Remarkable ray-traced realism+Superb immersive sim gameplayReasons to avoid-Some half-baked mechanicsWhy we love itCyberpunk 2077 immerses you in the murky moral problems of Night City, dragging you down into the sump and challenging your beliefs with plenty of difficult choices. The Phantom Liberty expansion is a particular treat in this way, and still keeps me up at night. Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, and PCThanks to the much-celebrated Patch 2.0 update, Cyberpunk 2077 has come into its own, ensuring that bugs and clunky mechanics no longer get in the way of storytelling by doing away with both. It may be over three years since sci-fi RPG's launch, but CD Projekt Red's dark cyberpunk tale now stands on its own feet, earning a well-deserved place on our list of the best story games.With memorable characters and more than a few shocking twists, Cyberpunk 2077 offers a relatively linear story, but still squeezes in ample opportunities to confront you with difficult moral choices that roll on to affect the narrative. Despite this linearity, the story is powerful and confronts important themes themes both personal and political. (Image credit: Insomniac Games)3. Marvel's Spider-Man 2 We are VenomOur expert review: Reasons to buy+Traversing the city is a joy, especially with the new web wings+A true comic saga story that sets up huge stakes and delivers on them+Each character feels meaningfully different to playReasons to avoid-Lots of busywork -The story takes a long time to get goingWhy we love itIn terms of sheer spectacle, few games can go toe to toe with this Spidey sequel. Venom is the standout star, as he jumps back and forth between characters, forcing them to battle it out as a dangerous plot unfolds. It builds on everything the first game, and its spin-off laid down, culminating in one of gaming's best stories.Marvel's Spider-Man 2 picks up with Miles Morales and Peter Parker, as they swing from building to building to stop a gargantuan threat against the city. From the get-go, the sheer scale of the game impresses, and continues to wow right up until the credits. It's arguably the best story you can play on PS5, one that ties together threads from the previous two games, while promising big things to come.The main story of Marvel's Spider-Man 2 focuses on Peter Parker, who, after an encounter with the Venom symbiote, gains new abilities and a heightened sense of power. This is, of course, a familiar Spider-Man tale, but there's some clever twists and turns along the way here to keep things fresh and interesting. Namely, in the involvement of Harry Osbourne, and of course a second Spider-Man in Miles Morales. Miles' story in particular, is a heartfelt one about how revenge always comes at a cost, with excellent performances all around.Sony exclusives are known for their larger than life stories, and Marvel's Spider-Man 2 is no exception. Thrilling villains, huge set-pieces and Easter Eggs galore make this one absolutely essential if you have a PS5. (Image credit: Rockstar Games)2. Red Dead Redemption 2How the west was lostWhy we love itRed Dead Redemption 2 is as immersive as they come. Emulating the glacial pacing of westerns like Deadwood and Django Unchained, Rockstar Games' historical epic rewards patience and tenacity, offering a resonant story that slowly but steadily draws you into the game's world.Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, and PCThe best story game of its kind, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an immersive, narrative-driven third-person action game that presents a detailed and complex portrait of a gang of outlaws as they roam what remains of the Wild West - always hoping to stay one step ahead of the law. There is a deep romance to the title, which simultaneously lionizes the rugged individualism of the cowboy lifestyle while, in the same breath, challenging the notion that such a way of life could ever have existed.Though Red Dead Redemption 2 doesn't tell a particularly original story, the way it spins its yarn of choice is absolutely breathtaking, commanding the player's full attention with well-paced narrative beats and surprising plot twists to keep you on your toes. As you play, you will find that the gang's triumphs and failures begin to feel like your own; a testament to the warmth and empathy that runs through the game's heart. (Image credit: BioWare)1. Mass Effect 2Dirty dozenWhy we love itMass Effect 2 has one of the most memorable and distinctive ensemble casts in video game history. All 12 of the supporting characters have rich backstories, and, thanks to the range of dialogue options, you're able to feel a sense of ownership over your protagonist's relationships with their crew.Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One and PCThe crowning jewel of the Mass Effect saga, Mass Effect 2 brings some much-needed sci-fi drama to our best story games list. Though all three entries in the core saga are fantastic titles in their own right, Mass Effect 2 stands apart, offering both the best standalone experience and the strongest story arc of the three. As you progress through the tale, you'll need to make difficult choices, weighing up challenging moral dilemmas throughout BioWare's epic space opera.In this third-person RPG, Commander Shepard has to save the galaxy from an ancient threat. No longer backed by the galactic government, they have turned to a dubious terrorist organization for funding and support. Throughout the game, you'll be gearing up for the 'suicide mission', a daring assault on the enemy's base of operations where the main characters, including your protagonist, can perish. To this end, you'll need to assemble a crew, upgrade your ship, and prepare for the fight of a lifetime. In the process, your Shepard will forge new relationships, tackle new hardships, and, possibly, even fall in love.Best story games: FAQs (Image credit: Square Enix)What game has the best storyline?Alan Wake 2 undoubtedly has an exceptional storyline. However, the answer to this question is very much dependent on a player's individual tastes. Any of the games on our best story games list could qualify depending on your taste in genre and storytelling style. If you're a fan of more realistic tales, you're more likely to get a kick out of Red Dead Redemption 2 than the more fanciful Baldur's Gate 3. That being said, sometimes stepping out of your comfort zone can be rewarding, as you may discover a brand-new type of game that you may never have considered before. For instance, though Deus Ex may be unfamiliar to many on account of its age, the sci-fi classic is well worth a look.What is the best story game right now?Between Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 and Assassin's Creed Shadows, story fans are eating well at the moment. However, it's hard to say which story game is the absolute 'best'. Personal taste is a huge factor in determining which games stick with us and, while every title on this best story games list is a masterclass in its own right, we can't rightly say that any one of them stands above the others. That said, if you're interested in seeing how modern game development tackles story games, then the aforementioned Baldur's Gate 3 and Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth are excellent places to start. The former is an open-ended RPG with heavily customizable characters, while the latter follows a tightly paced and skillfully curated tale that follows a more linear path. Though very different, both are excellent.How we made this best story games listWhen crafting our list of the best story games, we wanted to offer as diverse a list as possible, showing off the breadth of narrative techniques available across the video game landscape. It was also important to us that older titles be considered, given the strong influence of timeless classics like Deus Ex and Mass Effect 2 on modern game writing.Most crucially, however, we sought to build a list full of titles that immerse players, drawing you into their worlds with evocative writing, dynamic world-building, and distinctive characters. Only games that ticked all three of these boxes were considered for our list and, of those, only the very best made the cut.You Might Also Like...Check out our Nintendo Switch 2 reviewOur picks for the best PS5 gamesSee upcoming games for 2025 and beyond! Get daily insight, inspiration and deals in your inboxSign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more. Cat BussellFreelance contributorAn editor and freelance journalist, Cat Bussell has been writing about video games for more than four years and, frankly, she’s developed a taste for it. As seen on TechRadar, Technopedia, The Gamer, Wargamer, and SUPERJUMP, Cat’s reviews, features, and guides are lovingly curated for your reading pleasure. A Cambridge graduate, recovering bartender, and Cloud Strife enjoyer, Cat’s foremost mission is to bring you the best coverage she can, whether that’s through helpful guides, even-handed reviews, or thought-provoking features. She’s interviewed indie darlings, triple-A greats, and legendary voice actors, all to help you get closer to the action. When she’s not writing, Cat can be found sticking her neck into a fresh RPG or running yet another Dungeons & Dragons game. With contributions fromJake GreenEvergreen Editor, TechRadar Gaming LATEST ARTICLES1Sorry Apple, but I don’t think iOS 26 is fit for purpose2Google’s Antigravity AI wiped out a developer’s drive and then apologized3How to watch Australia vs England: live stream 2nd Ashes Test for *FREE* from anywhere in the world4Capcom's Resident Evil Requiem marketing strategy has been strange, but we've finally got our first look at combat5Missed out on Black Friday? Elegoo's 3D printer deals see up to 53% off on printers, filament and resins in its early Christmas sale
The best story games in 2025 are more than just tall tales. These titles take full advantage of the interactive nature of video games to deliver truly memorable and emotionally stirring narratives.
Like many of the best RPGs (role-playing games) and best single-player games, the best story games pull you into their worlds with well-written characters, carefully calibrated storylines, and gripping set pieces. However, it's worth remembering that great video game storytelling can be found in all sorts of places. While our best story games list is full of RPGs, we've also included some of the best horror games.
Here at TechRadar Gaming, we know how to identify top-tier story games when we see them. Tens of thousands of our collective lives have gone into playing and researching potential hits, all to help you find your next big adventure. Whether you want a sweeping fantasy adventure or a gritty historical drama, we've got you covered. Read on to find out more.
Why you can trust TechRadar We spend hours testing every product or service we review, so you can be sure you're buying the best. Find out more about how we test.
"Ghost of Yotei feels a little like the PS5 exclusive we’ve been waiting for, and a truly great sequel - though not quite a perfect one. Its visceral, bloody combat, wonderful world and map, sense of exploration, and gripping epic tale are true highlights. And while there are a few imperfections, and it really does wear the influence of its predecessor boldly on its sleeve, it's an adventure and landscape to sink hours and hours of enjoyment into." - Rob Dwiar, Techradar Gaming Managing Editor.
Platforms available: PS5 (PS5 Pro Enhanced)
Ghost of Yotei arrives as a PS5 exclusive, and it has a predictably excellent story that follows new protagonist Atsu. She's on the hunt for a group called the Yōtei Six, gathering intel by helping out locals and tracking down bounties. This sequel really expands upon the first game, adding in new weapon types and skills, while focusing on open-world exploration.
After the Yotei Six massacres Atsu's family, you'll jump forward in time, as she seeks revenge. There's great sections where you can instantly switch between childhood memories and present day, making use of the PS5's SSD technology. The story is told using cinematic cutscenes, and there's even options to alter the presentation and camera angles. This is a gripping story that's well worth experiencing on PS5.
"Hell Is Us feels like a game that can't quite decide whether it wants to be a soulslike or not, but the result is still a fantastic experience that is compelling and worthy of high praise. The game borrows FromSoft's excellent combat and dark world-building to create a solid action-adventure game with a twisted real-world setting, filled with memorable moments and stunning - if bleak - vistas. I just wish there was a little more substance; a lack of weapon and enemy variety, plus an all-too-short finale, hold it back from true greatness." - Christian Guyton, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Platforms available: PS5 (PS5 Pro Enhanced), Xbox Series X|S, PC
Hell Is Us is extremely devoted to being exactly the kind of game it sets out to be. There's no map, no mini-map, and an overwhelming bleakness to its world that's to be commended. You'll explore the war-torn land of Hadea, which is in the middle of an invasion by mysterious demon creatures, and a Civil War. The history of Hadea's core conflict go back centuries, and its citizens carry the weight of generations of hatred, racism, and military law.
In essence, Hell Is Us plays like a soulslike, but it's also a story-heavy exploration game that rewards player intuition. You'll speak to locals, gather clues and rumors about each locale, and then piece together a path forward. The plot is front and center here, and it's one that covers some seriously challenging subject matter. Hell Is Us is a one-of-a-kind experience that ask a lot from players, but rewards them with a truly detailed world to dive into.
"Death Stranding 2: On the Beach is a great example of a sequel that expands on the original without losing sight of it. The traversal is still the star of the show, while the action has been significantly improved without taking over the experience. While a conventional plot takes the back seat for a more character-driven story, the new cast of characters and a phenomenal final third act stick the landing with prime Hideo Kojima bombast." - Scott McRae, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Death Stranding 2: On the Beach doesn't re-invent the wheel, but does make smart changes to the winning formula of the first game, and as a result is a much more comprehensive experience. You'll set off across Mexico at the start of the story, connecting off-grid locations to the Chiral Network, much like the first game. Things quickly take a turn for the worse, however, and Sam is left to pick up the pieces, before setting out on a new adventure.
By switching the main setting to Australia, Death Stranding 2 is quite visually distinct from its predecessor. Sandy dunes and sun-scorched desert are brought to life thanks to dynamic weather and particle effects. This is easily one of the best looking games of the current generation so far, one that contains all of the unique art direction we've come to expect from Kojima Productions. The story is a smaller, more character-focused affair, packing way more emotional punch than we expected. This is easily Kojima's best story so far, and one that's a must play for PS5 players.
"Channeling true JRPG excellence while putting its own western twist on the genre and turn-based combat, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is an absolutely belting game. It has exquisite writing and story craft, wonderfully stylish and multifaceted combat, and is a blisteringly beautiful assault on all the senses from top-notch voice acting and audio to some of the most beautiful environments I’ve seen in years. It has the scope and execution of a game built by hundreds of developers, not a few dozen, and is easily an early game of the year contender." - Rob Dwiar, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, and PC
Clair Obscur: Expedition is an instant modern classic, simultaneously paying loving homage to classic JRPs while subverting tropes in favor of innovation. The story is a sprawling epic, featuring performances from a star-studded cast. There's Final Fantasy 16's Ben Starr, Baldur's Gate 3's Jennifer English, Daredevil's Charlie Cox, and The Lord of the Rings' Andy Serkis.
Vibrant world design grabs your attention immediately, as you set off an expedition alongside a crew of beautifully-realized companions. Visually, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is easily one of the best looking games we've ever played, backed up by a unique art direction inspired by French art history and architectural principles. Fans of the grand and sometimes operatically-inclined plots of classic JRPGs will find plenty to love here, though these classic leanings are intertwined with dark, relatively grounded twists. For fans of Final Fantasy, Suikoden, Chrono Trigger, and DragonQuest.
"Like a Dragon: Infinite Wealth is a special game with an enthralling narrative that expertly weaves its new characters and plot points with the series’ past. It’s a story that’s as thrilling and intense as it is heartwarming and - occasionally - genuinely hilarious." - Cat Bussell, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, XBO, and PC
Like a Dragon: Infinite Wealth continues the story of new series protagonist Ichiban Kasuga, as he heads to Hawaii in search of his Mother. What makes this games story so special is how it weaves into the previous Yakuza games, bringing Kiryu back for another adventure. This time around, Kiryu is older, wiser, and somehow even more deadly, complimenting Ichiban's hopeful optimism and overall good vibes perfectly.
For fans of the series, there's plenty of throwbacks and cameos to enjoy here, but even better is the way Infinite Wealth manages to tie old plot lines into new ones, setting the scene for future titles, and rewarding those that have stuck around thus far. The main story is equal parts heartwarming, gripping and intense, managing to present the absolute best the series has to offer so far.
"Assassin’s Creed Shadows is a massive success and a winning combination of stealth and steel. It’s a fantastic entry in the open-world RPG line of games in the stealth series and the most refined version of that style yet, with satisfying and rewarding exploration, brilliant combat, and a dual protagonist system that really works. Even a few minor quibbles can’t hold it back." - Rob Dwiar, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, Mac, and PC
Assassin's Creed Shadows finally takes players to Japan, a setting that's been long-requested since the very start of the series. In this iteration, we follow Naoe and Yasuke, as their fates intertwine and send them off on a blood-soaked journey of revenge. Of course, Assassin's Creed Shadows is the latest in the modern RPG version of the series, and as such it focuses on open-world exploration. In many ways, the open world exhibited here is the best Ubisoft has ever put together, managing to look truly impressive in action.
Whether you want to play it sneaky with Naoe, or bust through doors with Yasuke, there's combat here that caters to a wide variety of play styles. Many of the series' hallmarks, like Synchronization points, have been retooled, while others, like social stealth and Leaps of Faith are left largely untouched. This'll no doubt please longtime fans, while giving new ones a great place to jump in. Jumping between dual protagonists, Assassin's Creed Shadows' story is truly epic, backed up by some excellent side missions and quests.
"Lost Records: Bloom & Rage digs deep into the realities of coming of age in the 90s. Whether through snappy, gorgeously rendered cutscenes, fuzzy homemade VHS tapes, or confused conversations at the local watering hole, it’s a thoughtful story that delivers sincerity in a way that feels quintessentially human. Propped up by a cavalcade of multi-faceted characters, Lost Records: Bloom & Rage Part 1 is a no-holds-barred opening act that will leave you desperate for Part 2." - Sarah Thwaites, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Lost Records: Bloom & Rage is a new IP that explores the uncanny, messy nature of humanity from a stylized and period-specific perspective. So far, it’s an adventure dripping in tactile nostalgia and pithy mystery that evolves the ethos of the games that came before it. Evoking Life is Strange’s episodic approach, Lost Records: Bloom and Rage is split into two parts, with the second tape coming in April 2025.
In Lost Records: Bloom & Rage Tape 1, four friends who vowed never to speak after an undisclosed incident are summoned back to their hometown when an ominous package arrives in the mail. You play as Swann, an anxious forty-something who must face the events of the troupe’s ‘lost summer’, rekindling their dormant relationships to understand why the parcel arrived after all this time and what could be inside. so far, it's an excellent story, one that's well worth jumping into and following as the episodes come out.
"Indiana Jones and the Great Circle has all the components of a thrilling adventure ripped straight from the silver screen. Its global locations are intricately detailed and a joy to explore (despite suffering from lackluster visuals on Xbox Series S) with secrets hidden around every corner while the combat system is developer MachineGames at its best." - Dashiell Wood, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Indiana Jones and the Great Circle tells an epic globe-trotting tale that ends up as a shining example of the long-running franchise. In fact, it's the best Indiana Jones story since Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, thanks largely to an excellent performance from Troy Baker. There's a dastardly villain, some familiar side characters, and plenty of twists and turns, all complimented by some truly fun, whip-cracking action.
Don't go in expecting Indiana Jones and the Great Circle to be an action-heavy FPS affair, as it shares much more with immersive sims like Thief and Dishonored. It's an Indiana Jones simulator, allowing you to experience the world as Indy, as you solve puzzles, punch Nazis, and document the historical wonders that you find along the way.
"Each companion’s personal storyline is a coherent multi-part adventure, composed of dramatic set-piece battles, gripping dialogue, and gentle walk-and-talk scenes framed against Veilguard’s jaw-dropping environments. Having a gut-wrenching discussion about family trauma is one thing, but doing so on a sprawling, torchlit coastline at dusk elevates the scene to new heights." - Cat Bussell, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
After a long tine away, BioWare returns with Dragon Age: The Veilguard, a colourful and genuinely epic action RPG that more than lives up to the legacy of its predecessor's. You play Rook, a character that you'll get to customise and design, picking a class that'll determine your play-style. Combat has been completely overhauled, and decidedly modernized, peppered with pitch-perfect parrying, flashy abilities and explosive team-up moves.
Whether you're a newcomer to the series, or if you've been playing since the very beginning, Dragon Age: The Veilguard's story has plenty to offer, as you and your crew attempt to thwart the evil plans of Solas the Dreadwolf. Along the way you'll meet new friends, make difficult choices, and maybe even fall in love.
"The Quarry excels at what developer Supermassive does best. Fun characters that are brilliantly acted, a branching narrative that loves to twist the knife and top-shelf visuals make for a game that’s unstoppably thrilling from start to finish." - Rhys Wood, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
From the masters of interactive horror Supermassive Games comes The Quarry, a visually stunning and rip-roaring rollercoaster of a game that features some of the best motion-capture acting in the. business. David Arquette, Ariel Winter and Justice Smith deliver excellent performances as wayward teens trapped in a nightmarish situation where murderous creatures and dating troubles combine.
Thanks to a wide suite of modes, you can play The Quarry alongside friends, passing the controller, or voting on key decisions. There's a great story to enjoy that pulls from the likes of Scream, Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Evil Dead to create a familiar but frightening mix. You'll want to try this one out on the Xbox Series X, as the lighting effects and facial animation really are spectacular.
Star Wars Jedi: Survivor continues the story set out by its predecessor, building on Cal Kestis, and his crew mates. The result is a compelling tale filled with twists, turns and some truly epic reveals. This is all paired with an expanded lightsaber suite, and a new set of Force abilities to play around with.
Star Wars Jedi: Survivor manages to deliver on its promise of expanding the world of Cal Kestis beyond the events of Fallen Order. At the beginning of Survivor, we find the team somewhat scattered, as Cal sets off on a mission to rekindle the Jedi order, and save other Force-sensitive individuals. Along the way, you'll meet some familiar faces, and some wonderful new ones, hopping from planet to planet while evading the Empire.
What Star Wars Jedi: Survivor excels at is telling a much larger story when compared to its predecessor. There's more characters, way more twists and turns, and some great reveals that tie into the wider Star Wars universe. Pair this with excellent lightsaber combat and even a semi-open world planet and you've got a very good time indeed.
"Building upon the themes of its predecessor, God of War Ragnarok’s emotive narrative shines in its subtler moments, while clever evolutions to combat introduce welcome changes that advance gameplay without oversaturating it. It’s a sequel that is often as brutal as it is poignant – and a fitting next chapter in Kratos and Atreus’ journey." - Vic Hood, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
God of War Ragnarok takes what made its predecessor so epic, and dials it up to eleven. The combat has been refined, adding in shield-focused abilities and skills, and traversal has been improved thanks to a bunch of genuinely fun new tools. Kratos and Atreus face down Odin himself in this gargantuan sequel, and must recruit the help of some uneasy allies to get the job done.
There's a great ensemble cast in God of War Ragnarok that helps elevate the story above others in the genre. There's a talking squirrel, more fun from everyone's dismembered head, and plenty of father-son anguish from Kratos and Atreus. The story wraps up Kratos' Norse story rather well, while leaving things open for more adventures later down the line. If you enjoyed the first game, this one is an absolute must play. If you didn't play it, then what are you waiting for!
"Baldur’s Gate 3 is a fine contender for one of the best video game RPGs ever made. It’s the most ambitious RPG out there, and the painstakingly accurate rendition of Dungeons & Dragons will delight fans. A must-play, even if some frustrations with D&D’s format might grate." - Jake Tucker, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S and PC
Baldur's Gate 3 offers phenomenal storytelling, more than earning a place on this best story games roundup. Contrary to CRPGs of the past, Baldur's Gate 3 provides a cinematic experience. Every cutscene is expertly voice-acted, with motion capture assisting the voice actors in bringing the game's cast to life. The game also features a narrator whose lavish descriptions are as captivating as they are immersive.
Larian Studios' hit RPG presents you with a multitude of branching paths, all of which feel just as rewarding and legitimate as the others. This allows you to craft a tale that's entirely your own, offering you a fantasy playground that, somehow, retains a strong sense of narrative coherency throughout. Whether you're a goody-two-shoes Paladin or a tyrannical Sorcerer, you can play the game your way - no mean feat for a title of this scale.
"Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth proves that the remake trilogy isn’t a remake in the strictest sense. However, if you’re looking to go on another thrilling adventure with Cloud, Tifa, Aerith, Barret, Yuffie, and Red XIII, then you’ve come to the right place - just don’t expect it to be the adventure you’re used to." - Cat Bussell, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth stands as the second installment in the Final Fantasy 7 Remake trilogy. While its predecessor is a gorgeous reimagining of the first act of the 1997 classic, Rebirth goes a step further. This confident, fantastical RPG is jam-packed with meaningful storytelling, unforgettable characters, and plenty of engaging (though never overwhelming) side content.
The story follows Cloud Strife, a traumatized mercenary, who, along with his colorful band of allies, is pursuing a quest to stop the nefarious Sephiroth from ending all life on the planet. Rebirth plays fast and loose with big themes and important ideas, giving its tale a sort of mythological quality The RPG's dramatic, bombastic, and confident cutscenes are punctuated by a fantastic combat system which, though nominally in real-time, allows you to pause and make decisions. Rebirth tells an unforgettable tale, addressing themes of friendship, loyalty, tyranny, love, and identity. It's dense, but, if you're looking for a tale that holds nothing back, then this could be the best story game for you.
The Last of Us Part 1 acts exactly as a remaster should. The improved graphics and mechanics don't come at the expense of the tragic and poignant tale at the game's core. On the contrary, they uplift it, revitalizing the original.
The Last of Us Part 1 is, at the time of writing, the definitive way to experience the tense action sequences and melancholy storytelling that immortalized its original predecessor. Besides graphical improvements and the occasional mechanical tweak, the game remains much as it always has been, providing a gripping post-apocalyptic tale wrapped up in third-person action.
Perhaps more than any other title on this list, The Last of Us Part 1 offers impeccable pacing which is reinforced by game mechanics. Frantic combat setpieces are broken up by slow, pensive moments of scavenging, both of which are, in turn, punctuated by cutscenes that masterfully build dramatic tension. Naughty Dog's tale shows us that the most important thing about the end of the world isn't the disaster itself, but the people living with it.
In Stars and Time subverts your expectations by dropping you in at the end of a fantastical adventure rather than at the start. As soon as you begin, you'll find yourself waist-deep in the established relationships between colorful characters, immersing you head-first in the moving story.
Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Nintendo Switch, and PC
With roots in classic turn-based RPGs of yore and modern indie triumphs like Undertale, In Stars and Time takes a bold approach towards storytelling which breaks the mold established by many of the best story games on this list. In a manner reminiscent of Deathloop, protagonist Siffrin finds themself trapped in a time loop as they fight to defeat the apocalyptic schemes of the sinister King.
The writing sparkles and delights, gradually raising the game's emotional stakes until you find yourself fully invested in its characters. As you loop around again and again, you'll begin to share Siffrin's frustration with their situation. While, on paper, tasks might become repetitive, the very act of repetition pulls you deeper into the story, making for a narrative that captivates and challenges all at once.
"Alan Wake 2 stands out as a champion among modern survival horror games. Its beautifully woven story encompasses everything you could want from a blockbuster horror title. Expertly crafted cutscenes meld together reality and video games while thrilling combat and frightening chases keep things interesting as you dig into a gripping narrative." - Ellie Gould, TechRadar Gaming reviewer.
Platforms available: PS5, Xbox Series X|S, PC
Alan Wake 2 scared and thrilled us in equal measure, setting a new bar for modern survival horror titles. Its compelling storyline is full of twists and turns, more than doing justice to the Stephen King novels that inspired it. From Remedy Entertainment, the third-person horror title embroils you in increasingly unsettling supernatural events, blurring conventional narrative boundaries with all sorts of twists and tricks. Though its predecessor is an excellent psychological horror game, it isn't necessary to play the first game to understand the second, as the more recent title is built with newer players in mind.The story follows the twin perspectives of FBI Agent Saga Anderson and Alan Wake himself as they try to survive the supernatural threats that beset them. The grim tale burrows into your brain, luring you in with tantalizing and shocking mysteries until you're completely immersed in the morbidly fascinating game world. Staff Writer Elie Gould called Alan Wake 2 "beautifully terrifying" in their review for TRG. "I also couldn't ever put it down, despite its scares giving me the shakes."
Deus Ex is, in many respects, a parent to modern immersive sims. Additionally, it offers a cyberpunk story that wrestles with difficult questions about globalization, transhumanism, and political ideology.
Released in the year 2000, many of the entries on this best story games list owe a great deal to the innovations made in the original Deus Ex. Developed by Ion Storm, this sci-fi RPG has you take on the role of JC Denton, an agent of the United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalition. Like its spiritual successors Deus Ex: Human Revolution and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, the title addresses themes of transhumanism by having its protagonist augmented with superpower-granting nanomachines.
As well as offering a well-paced main storyline, Deus Ex allows the player to tell their own story by completing objectives their own way. Stealth, conversation, and brute force are all tools in your arsenal, to be used whenever and however you see fit. Even the ending, which we won't spoil, offers tremendous scope for player choice, forcing you to put your moral code on the line as you determine the fate of the world.
Cyberpunk 2077 immerses you in the murky moral problems of Night City, dragging you down into the sump and challenging your beliefs with plenty of difficult choices. The Phantom Liberty expansion is a particular treat in this way, and still keeps me up at night.
Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, and PC
Thanks to the much-celebrated Patch 2.0 update, Cyberpunk 2077 has come into its own, ensuring that bugs and clunky mechanics no longer get in the way of storytelling by doing away with both. It may be over three years since sci-fi RPG's launch, but CD Projekt Red's dark cyberpunk tale now stands on its own feet, earning a well-deserved place on our list of the best story games.
With memorable characters and more than a few shocking twists, Cyberpunk 2077 offers a relatively linear story, but still squeezes in ample opportunities to confront you with difficult moral choices that roll on to affect the narrative. Despite this linearity, the story is powerful and confronts important themes themes both personal and political.
In terms of sheer spectacle, few games can go toe to toe with this Spidey sequel. Venom is the standout star, as he jumps back and forth between characters, forcing them to battle it out as a dangerous plot unfolds. It builds on everything the first game, and its spin-off laid down, culminating in one of gaming's best stories.
Marvel's Spider-Man 2 picks up with Miles Morales and Peter Parker, as they swing from building to building to stop a gargantuan threat against the city. From the get-go, the sheer scale of the game impresses, and continues to wow right up until the credits. It's arguably the best story you can play on PS5, one that ties together threads from the previous two games, while promising big things to come.
The main story of Marvel's Spider-Man 2 focuses on Peter Parker, who, after an encounter with the Venom symbiote, gains new abilities and a heightened sense of power. This is, of course, a familiar Spider-Man tale, but there's some clever twists and turns along the way here to keep things fresh and interesting. Namely, in the involvement of Harry Osbourne, and of course a second Spider-Man in Miles Morales. Miles' story in particular, is a heartfelt one about how revenge always comes at a cost, with excellent performances all around.
Sony exclusives are known for their larger than life stories, and Marvel's Spider-Man 2 is no exception. Thrilling villains, huge set-pieces and Easter Eggs galore make this one absolutely essential if you have a PS5.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is as immersive as they come. Emulating the glacial pacing of westerns like Deadwood and Django Unchained, Rockstar Games' historical epic rewards patience and tenacity, offering a resonant story that slowly but steadily draws you into the game's world.
The best story game of its kind, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an immersive, narrative-driven third-person action game that presents a detailed and complex portrait of a gang of outlaws as they roam what remains of the Wild West - always hoping to stay one step ahead of the law. There is a deep romance to the title, which simultaneously lionizes the rugged individualism of the cowboy lifestyle while, in the same breath, challenging the notion that such a way of life could ever have existed.
Though Red Dead Redemption 2 doesn't tell a particularly original story, the way it spins its yarn of choice is absolutely breathtaking, commanding the player's full attention with well-paced narrative beats and surprising plot twists to keep you on your toes. As you play, you will find that the gang's triumphs and failures begin to feel like your own; a testament to the warmth and empathy that runs through the game's heart.
Mass Effect 2 has one of the most memorable and distinctive ensemble casts in video game history. All 12 of the supporting characters have rich backstories, and, thanks to the range of dialogue options, you're able to feel a sense of ownership over your protagonist's relationships with their crew.
Platforms available: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One and PC
The crowning jewel of the Mass Effect saga, Mass Effect 2 brings some much-needed sci-fi drama to our best story games list. Though all three entries in the core saga are fantastic titles in their own right, Mass Effect 2 stands apart, offering both the best standalone experience and the strongest story arc of the three. As you progress through the tale, you'll need to make difficult choices, weighing up challenging moral dilemmas throughout BioWare's epic space opera.
In this third-person RPG, Commander Shepard has to save the galaxy from an ancient threat. No longer backed by the galactic government, they have turned to a dubious terrorist organization for funding and support. Throughout the game, you'll be gearing up for the 'suicide mission', a daring assault on the enemy's base of operations where the main characters, including your protagonist, can perish. To this end, you'll need to assemble a crew, upgrade your ship, and prepare for the fight of a lifetime. In the process, your Shepard will forge new relationships, tackle new hardships, and, possibly, even fall in love.
Alan Wake 2 undoubtedly has an exceptional storyline. However, the answer to this question is very much dependent on a player's individual tastes. Any of the games on our best story games list could qualify depending on your taste in genre and storytelling style. If you're a fan of more realistic tales, you're more likely to get a kick out of Red Dead Redemption 2 than the more fanciful Baldur's Gate 3. That being said, sometimes stepping out of your comfort zone can be rewarding, as you may discover a brand-new type of game that you may never have considered before. For instance, though Deus Ex may be unfamiliar to many on account of its age, the sci-fi classic is well worth a look.
Alan Wake 2 undoubtedly has an exceptional storyline. However, the answer to this question is very much dependent on a player's individual tastes. Any of the games on our best story games list could qualify depending on your taste in genre and storytelling style. If you're a fan of more realistic tales, you're more likely to get a kick out of Red Dead Redemption 2 than the more fanciful Baldur's Gate 3.
That being said, sometimes stepping out of your comfort zone can be rewarding, as you may discover a brand-new type of game that you may never have considered before. For instance, though Deus Ex may be unfamiliar to many on account of its age, the sci-fi classic is well worth a look.
Between Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 and Assassin's Creed Shadows, story fans are eating well at the moment. However, it's hard to say which story game is the absolute 'best'. Personal taste is a huge factor in determining which games stick with us and, while every title on this best story games list is a masterclass in its own right, we can't rightly say that any one of them stands above the others. That said, if you're interested in seeing how modern game development tackles story games, then the aforementioned Baldur's Gate 3 and Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth are excellent places to start. The former is an open-ended RPG with heavily customizable characters, while the latter follows a tightly paced and skillfully curated tale that follows a more linear path. Though very different, both are excellent.
Between Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 and Assassin's Creed Shadows, story fans are eating well at the moment. However, it's hard to say which story game is the absolute 'best'. Personal taste is a huge factor in determining which games stick with us and, while every title on this best story games list is a masterclass in its own right, we can't rightly say that any one of them stands above the others.
That said, if you're interested in seeing how modern game development tackles story games, then the aforementioned Baldur's Gate 3 and Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth are excellent places to start. The former is an open-ended RPG with heavily customizable characters, while the latter follows a tightly paced and skillfully curated tale that follows a more linear path. Though very different, both are excellent.
When crafting our list of the best story games, we wanted to offer as diverse a list as possible, showing off the breadth of narrative techniques available across the video game landscape. It was also important to us that older titles be considered, given the strong influence of timeless classics like Deus Ex and Mass Effect 2 on modern game writing.
Most crucially, however, we sought to build a list full of titles that immerse players, drawing you into their worlds with evocative writing, dynamic world-building, and distinctive characters. Only games that ticked all three of these boxes were considered for our list and, of those, only the very best made the cut.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
An editor and freelance journalist, Cat Bussell has been writing about video games for more than four years and, frankly, she’s developed a taste for it. As seen on TechRadar, Technopedia, The Gamer, Wargamer, and SUPERJUMP, Cat’s reviews, features, and guides are lovingly curated for your reading pleasure.
A Cambridge graduate, recovering bartender, and Cloud Strife enjoyer, Cat’s foremost mission is to bring you the best coverage she can, whether that’s through helpful guides, even-handed reviews, or thought-provoking features. She’s interviewed indie darlings, triple-A greats, and legendary voice actors, all to help you get closer to the action. When she’s not writing, Cat can be found sticking her neck into a fresh RPG or running yet another Dungeons & Dragons game.
Jake GreenEvergreen Editor, TechRadar Gaming
1Sorry Apple, but I don’t think iOS 26 is fit for purpose
2Google’s Antigravity AI wiped out a developer’s drive and then apologized
3How to watch Australia vs England: live stream 2nd Ashes Test for *FREE* from anywhere in the world
4Capcom's Resident Evil Requiem marketing strategy has been strange, but we've finally got our first look at combat
5Missed out on Black Friday? Elegoo's 3D printer deals see up to 53% off on printers, filament and resins in its early Christmas sale


--- SOURCE: https://computercity.com/software/gaming/the-best-story-driven-pc-games-of-2025 ---
Storytelling in video games has evolved dramatically in recent years, and in 2025, narrative-rich PC titles are delivering emotional depth, player-driven decision-making, and cinematic quality rivaling Hollywood films. From surreal puzzle adventures to dystopian RPGs, these games aren’t just about gameplay—they’re experiences that stay with you long after the credits roll. What makes a great story game? It’s not just plot—it’s characters you care about, choices that matter, and themes that challenge your perspective. And thanks to advances in AI, voice acting, and branching dialogue systems, modern story-driven games now offer an unparalleled level of immersion. Whether you’re into dark philosophical explorations or heartfelt emotional journeys, here are the most compelling narrative PC games you should be playing in 2025: Top Story-Rich PC Games in 2025 1. Black Myth: Wukong Black Myth Wukong Genre: Action RPG Why It Stands Out: A mythological epic blending Souls-like combat with deep Chinese folklore. Story Highlights: You play as the Destined One, battling gods and demons across surreal landscapes inspired by Journey to the West. The game explores themes of destiny, enlightenment, and sacrifice. Fun Fact: It became one of the fastest-selling PC titles of 2024, drawing comparisons to Elden Ring for its scale and story execution. 2. Metaphor: ReFantazio Genre: Fantasy RPG Why It Stands Out: From the creators of Persona 5, this is a political allegory set in a vibrant medieval world. Story Highlights: A battle for the throne turns into a meditation on identity and fear. Dialogue choices shape political alliances and character fates. 3. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Genre: Turn-based RPG Why It Stands Out: One of the most stylistically daring RPGs of the year, blending poetry and tragedy in a painterly world. Story Highlights: A dying society’s final hope rests on a cursed expedition. The game’s melancholy tone explores grief, legacy, and the price of progress. 4. Citizen Sleeper 2 Genre: Sci-fi Narrative RPG Why It Stands Out: Like its predecessor, this sequel offers choice-driven survival mechanics and a cyberpunk dystopia. Story Highlights: You play as a synthetic human navigating a morally gray world. Every decision alters your relationships and survival chances, with multiple endings shaped by your path. 5. The Drifter Genre: Horror Adventure Why It Stands Out: A gritty, psychological thriller that evokes the tension of Black Mirror and Twin Peaks. Story Highlights: A man mysteriously resurrected from death uncovers a twisted conspiracy. Dialogue and exploration push the story forward in a classic point-and-click format. 6. Tell Me Why (Free on Steam until July 1, 2025) Genre: Narrative Adventure Why It Stands Out: One of the few mainstream games with a transgender protagonist, created with authentic input from LGBTQ+ consultants. Story Highlights: Twins revisit their childhood home in Alaska, uncovering the truth behind a traumatic event. Empathy, memory, and sibling bonds drive the narrative. 7. Life Is Strange: Double Exposure Genre: Supernatural Mystery Adventure Why It Stands Out: Max Caulfield returns, now grappling with multiverse timelines to solve a murder. Story Highlights: The game deepens its signature emotional storytelling with parallel-world mechanics, making each choice echo across realities. 8. Silent Hill 2 Remake Genre: Survival Horror Why It Stands Out: A reimagining of one of gaming’s greatest psychological horror tales. Story Highlights: James Sunderland returns to the foggy town searching for his dead wife, encountering surreal horrors that reflect his inner guilt. Faithful to the original’s narrative depth but rebuilt with Unreal Engine 5 for modern hardware. 9. Blue Prince Genre: Puzzle Adventure Why It Stands Out: This indie gem is a mystery box of shifting architecture, secrets, and atmosphere. Story Highlights: Players explore a sentient, ever-changing mansion while unraveling a cryptic narrative through environmental storytelling and logic puzzles. 10. Before Your Eyes Genre: Interactive Drama Why It Stands Out: A rare title that uses real-world blinking to progress its story. Story Highlights: The game traces a life from childhood to death, with every blink representing time passing. It’s a meditative and heart-wrenching journey about how we remember our lives. Why Story Games Are Flourishing on PC in 2025 PC remains the ideal platform for narrative games, thanks to: Wider indie support: Games like Blue Prince and The Drifter thrive through Steam and Itch.io. Modding and accessibility tools: Titles like Citizen Sleeper 2 feature fan-driven expansions and localization mods. Advanced hardware support: RTX graphics cards and AI-powered upscaling bring cinematic fidelity to even low-budget indie stories. Whether you want branching choices, character-driven arcs, or innovative mechanics like eye-tracking or real-time memory systems, PC gaming in 2025 offers an unmatched storytelling playground. And with anticipated titles like The Wolf Among Us 2 and Dustborn still on the horizon, this trend shows no signs of slowing. Pro Tip: If you’re new to narrative games, start with Tell Me Why while it’s free, then dive into Life Is Strange: Double Exposure or Clair Obscur for deeper, more experimental stories. Key Takeaways Story-driven PC games combine engaging gameplay with rich narratives Player choices often shape the plot in interactive storytelling experiences Top story games span various genres and offer deep character development Defining Story-Driven PC Games Story-driven PC games put the plot front and center. These games focus on deep tales that pull players in and keep them hooked. Role-Playing Games and Their Narratives RPGs often have the most complex stories in gaming. Games like “The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt” and “Mass Effect 2” let players shape the story. They offer big worlds to explore and lots of quests. Players can make choices that change how the story ends. In RPGs, characters grow and change as the story moves on. Players often spend many hours getting to know the game’s heroes. This helps them care more about what happens in the story. Some RPGs use a mix of text and voice acting to tell their tales. Others rely more on player choice to build the story. Adventure and Interactive Storytelling Adventure games focus on puzzle-solving and story. They often have less action than RPGs. Games like “The Walking Dead” and “What Remains of Edith Finch” are good examples. These games often use point-and-click controls. Players explore scenes and talk to characters to move the story forward. Some adventure games are like movies you can play. Visual novels are a type of adventure game with lots of reading. They show static scenes with text and sometimes voice acting. Players make choices that change the story’s path. Horror Games: A Blend of Fear and Storyline Horror games mix scary moments with deep stories. They often deal with dark themes and hard choices. Games like “SOMA” use fear to make players think about big ideas. These games can have jump scares, but the best ones build a sense of dread. They use sound and visuals to create a spooky mood. The story often revolves around solving a mystery or staying alive. Some horror games let players fight back against monsters. Others focus more on running and hiding. The story in horror games often has twists that keep players guessing until the end. Outstanding Examples of Story-Driven Games Story-driven games transport players to rich worlds filled with complex characters and gripping plots. These games span genres and platforms, offering memorable experiences through their narratives. Epic Sagas and Open Worlds Baldur’s Gate 3 takes players on a grand fantasy adventure. This role-playing game features deep character development and player choice. The world reacts to decisions, creating a unique story for each player. Red Dead Redemption 2 brings the Wild West to life. Players explore a vast open world as outlaw Arthur Morgan. The game’s story deals with themes of loyalty, redemption, and the end of an era. God of War and its sequel God of War Ragnarok reimagine the series. They follow Kratos and his son on an emotional journey through Norse mythology. The games blend action with a touching father-son story. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt stars Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter for hire. Players roam a massive fantasy world, making choices that shape the story. Side quests are as rich and engaging as the main plot. Indie Gems and Innovative Storytelling Undertale subverts role-playing game tropes with its unique combat system. Players can choose to fight monsters or befriend them. Each choice affects the story, leading to multiple endings. Disco Elysium puts players in the shoes of a detective with amnesia. The game focuses on dialogue and skill checks rather than combat. It tackles complex themes like politics and identity. Night in the Woods tells the story of Mae, a college dropout who returns to her hometown. The game explores themes of mental health and economic struggles. Its quirky art style pairs well with its heartfelt narrative. Narrative-Driven Games Across Platforms Story-rich games are not limited to PCs. Many are available on consoles like Xbox One and PlayStation. Some have even made their way to mobile platforms. The Walking Dead series by Telltale Games brought interactive storytelling to iOS and Android. Players make tough choices that affect the story’s outcome. Life is Strange is playable on PC, consoles, and mobile devices. It follows Max, a student who can rewind time. The game deals with friendship, time travel, and the consequences of choices. What Remains of Edith Finch, available on Switch and other platforms, tells the stories of a cursed family. Players explore the family home, uncovering tales of each family member’s fate.
Storytelling in video games has evolved dramatically in recent years, and in 2025, narrative-rich PC titles are delivering emotional depth, player-driven decision-making, and cinematic quality rivaling Hollywood films. From surreal puzzle adventures to dystopian RPGs, these games aren’t just about gameplay—they’re experiences that stay with you long after the credits roll.
What makes a great story game? It’s not just plot—it’s characters you care about, choices that matter, and themes that challenge your perspective. And thanks to advances in AI, voice acting, and branching dialogue systems, modern story-driven games now offer an unparalleled level of immersion.
Whether you’re into dark philosophical explorations or heartfelt emotional journeys, here are the most compelling narrative PC games you should be playing in 2025:
Why It Stands Out: A mythological epic blending Souls-like combat with deep Chinese folklore.
Story Highlights: You play as the Destined One, battling gods and demons across surreal landscapes inspired by Journey to the West. The game explores themes of destiny, enlightenment, and sacrifice.
Fun Fact: It became one of the fastest-selling PC titles of 2024, drawing comparisons to Elden Ring for its scale and story execution.
Why It Stands Out: From the creators of Persona 5, this is a political allegory set in a vibrant medieval world.
Story Highlights: A battle for the throne turns into a meditation on identity and fear. Dialogue choices shape political alliances and character fates.
Why It Stands Out: One of the most stylistically daring RPGs of the year, blending poetry and tragedy in a painterly world.
Story Highlights: A dying society’s final hope rests on a cursed expedition. The game’s melancholy tone explores grief, legacy, and the price of progress.
Why It Stands Out: Like its predecessor, this sequel offers choice-driven survival mechanics and a cyberpunk dystopia.
Story Highlights: You play as a synthetic human navigating a morally gray world. Every decision alters your relationships and survival chances, with multiple endings shaped by your path.
Why It Stands Out: A gritty, psychological thriller that evokes the tension of Black Mirror and Twin Peaks.
Story Highlights: A man mysteriously resurrected from death uncovers a twisted conspiracy. Dialogue and exploration push the story forward in a classic point-and-click format.
6. Tell Me Why (Free on Steam until July 1, 2025)
Why It Stands Out: One of the few mainstream games with a transgender protagonist, created with authentic input from LGBTQ+ consultants.
Story Highlights: Twins revisit their childhood home in Alaska, uncovering the truth behind a traumatic event. Empathy, memory, and sibling bonds drive the narrative.
Why It Stands Out: Max Caulfield returns, now grappling with multiverse timelines to solve a murder.
Story Highlights: The game deepens its signature emotional storytelling with parallel-world mechanics, making each choice echo across realities.
Why It Stands Out: A reimagining of one of gaming’s greatest psychological horror tales.
Story Highlights: James Sunderland returns to the foggy town searching for his dead wife, encountering surreal horrors that reflect his inner guilt. Faithful to the original’s narrative depth but rebuilt with Unreal Engine 5 for modern hardware.
Why It Stands Out: This indie gem is a mystery box of shifting architecture, secrets, and atmosphere.
Story Highlights: Players explore a sentient, ever-changing mansion while unraveling a cryptic narrative through environmental storytelling and logic puzzles.
Why It Stands Out: A rare title that uses real-world blinking to progress its story.
Story Highlights: The game traces a life from childhood to death, with every blink representing time passing. It’s a meditative and heart-wrenching journey about how we remember our lives.
Why Story Games Are Flourishing on PC in 2025
PC remains the ideal platform for narrative games, thanks to:
Wider indie support: Games like Blue Prince and The Drifter thrive through Steam and Itch.io.
Modding and accessibility tools: Titles like Citizen Sleeper 2 feature fan-driven expansions and localization mods.
Advanced hardware support: RTX graphics cards and AI-powered upscaling bring cinematic fidelity to even low-budget indie stories.
Whether you want branching choices, character-driven arcs, or innovative mechanics like eye-tracking or real-time memory systems, PC gaming in 2025 offers an unmatched storytelling playground. And with anticipated titles like The Wolf Among Us 2 and Dustborn still on the horizon, this trend shows no signs of slowing.
Pro Tip: If you’re new to narrative games, start with Tell Me Why while it’s free, then dive into Life Is Strange: Double Exposure or Clair Obscur for deeper, more experimental stories.
Story-driven PC games combine engaging gameplay with rich narratives
Player choices often shape the plot in interactive storytelling experiences
Top story games span various genres and offer deep character development
Story-driven PC games put the plot front and center. These games focus on deep tales that pull players in and keep them hooked.
RPGs often have the most complex stories in gaming. Games like “The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt” and “Mass Effect 2” let players shape the story. They offer big worlds to explore and lots of quests. Players can make choices that change how the story ends.
In RPGs, characters grow and change as the story moves on. Players often spend many hours getting to know the game’s heroes. This helps them care more about what happens in the story.
Some RPGs use a mix of text and voice acting to tell their tales. Others rely more on player choice to build the story.
Adventure games focus on puzzle-solving and story. They often have less action than RPGs. Games like “The Walking Dead” and “What Remains of Edith Finch” are good examples.
These games often use point-and-click controls. Players explore scenes and talk to characters to move the story forward. Some adventure games are like movies you can play.
Visual novels are a type of adventure game with lots of reading. They show static scenes with text and sometimes voice acting. Players make choices that change the story’s path.
Horror Games: A Blend of Fear and Storyline
Horror games mix scary moments with deep stories. They often deal with dark themes and hard choices. Games like “SOMA” use fear to make players think about big ideas.
These games can have jump scares, but the best ones build a sense of dread. They use sound and visuals to create a spooky mood. The story often revolves around solving a mystery or staying alive.
Some horror games let players fight back against monsters. Others focus more on running and hiding. The story in horror games often has twists that keep players guessing until the end.
Outstanding Examples of Story-Driven Games
Story-driven games transport players to rich worlds filled with complex characters and gripping plots. These games span genres and platforms, offering memorable experiences through their narratives.
Baldur’s Gate 3 takes players on a grand fantasy adventure. This role-playing game features deep character development and player choice. The world reacts to decisions, creating a unique story for each player.
Red Dead Redemption 2 brings the Wild West to life. Players explore a vast open world as outlaw Arthur Morgan. The game’s story deals with themes of loyalty, redemption, and the end of an era.
God of War and its sequel God of War Ragnarok reimagine the series. They follow Kratos and his son on an emotional journey through Norse mythology. The games blend action with a touching father-son story.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt stars Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter for hire. Players roam a massive fantasy world, making choices that shape the story. Side quests are as rich and engaging as the main plot.
Undertale subverts role-playing game tropes with its unique combat system. Players can choose to fight monsters or befriend them. Each choice affects the story, leading to multiple endings.
Disco Elysium puts players in the shoes of a detective with amnesia. The game focuses on dialogue and skill checks rather than combat. It tackles complex themes like politics and identity.
Night in the Woods tells the story of Mae, a college dropout who returns to her hometown. The game explores themes of mental health and economic struggles. Its quirky art style pairs well with its heartfelt narrative.
Story-rich games are not limited to PCs. Many are available on consoles like Xbox One and PlayStation. Some have even made their way to mobile platforms.
The Walking Dead series by Telltale Games brought interactive storytelling to iOS and Android. Players make tough choices that affect the story’s outcome.
Life is Strange is playable on PC, consoles, and mobile devices. It follows Max, a student who can rewind time. The game deals with friendship, time travel, and the consequences of choices.
What Remains of Edith Finch, available on Switch and other platforms, tells the stories of a cursed family. Players explore the family home, uncovering tales of each family member’s fate.
Manually Update Carrier Settings on iPhone
iPhone Can’t Check for Updates: Solutions and Troubleshooting Steps
Affiliate Disclosure: ComputerCity.com is supported by its readers and our writers choose products independently. When you make a purchase through links on our site, we may earn a commission from affiliate programs.
ComputerCity.com is your go-to source for tech insights, tutorials, and troubleshooting guides. Whether you're using a PC, Mac, or mobile device, we provide clear, easy-to-follow advice to help you navigate the world of technology. From computers and laptops to tablets and smartwatches, we've got you covered. Explore and unlock the full potential of your devices with us!
Accessibility | Privacy | Opt-Out | Terms & Conditions | Posts | Contact Us


--- SOURCE: https://www.pcgamesn.com/best-story-games-pc ---
Gina Lees Updated: 3 weeks ago Best If you're looking for a great narrative that you can't put down, you've come to the right place. Escape into something special with our list of the best story games on PC. Story games are living, breathing narratives; the best ones let us have our say in how the plot unravels. Whether you're surviving the Wild West in Red Dead Redemption 2, solving crimes in Disco Elysium, or exploring fraught father-son relationships in God of War, many of the unforgettable stories in modern pop culture have emerged from the best PC games. Get ready to laugh, think, and cry as we go through some of the greatest narrative experiences on offer. Here are the best story games on PC: 1. Mass Effect 2 As the standout entry in the series, Mass Effect 2 brings sci-fi drama to the extreme. Although all three of the main Mass Effect games are arguably great, Mass Effect 2's story shines above the rest, forcing you to make agonizingly difficult choices and wrestle with moral dilemmas. Commander Shepard is tasked with the arduous job of saving the galaxy from an ancient threat. Sure, that might sound familiar, but this time around the galactic government has turned to a dangerous terrorist organization to continue to support itself financially. You'll need to embark on a daring but dangerous mission to take down the enemy, preparing by forming a suitable crew, gearing up, and upgrading your ship. To add to the drama and high-stakes action, you can focus on the more intimate details of Shepard's life by fostering friendships and even new relationships. 2. Senua's Saga: Hellblade 2 The sequel to Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, which released way back in 2017, Hellblade 2 sees Senua continue on her path of dealing with the effects of psychosis as she forges a path through 7th-century Iceland. Joined by three unlikely companions, Senua is wrestling with the voices in her head, the Furies, to take more control of her decisions and, in turn, her life. Whether she succeeds or not, we won't spoil, but you can check out our Hellblade 2 review to get our full thoughts on the latest from developer Ninja Theory. Another shoutout needs to go to Heilung for providing the music for the game, which really complements the ongoing narrative. 3. Alan Wake 2 Two horror novels written simultaneously would be a creepy premise at the best of times, but imagine if your main characters were living through these words as they're being written. Our Alan Wake 2 review calls it a "new horror classic," and it's easy to see why. With an interwoven plot shared between two troubled protagonists, it can be easy to get caught up in a complex web of twists and turns. However, the high-quality acting sells the narrative well, and the cutscenes in The Dark Place are a particularly trippy, unexpected experience. As a game about a writer, it's fitting that Alan Wake 2 excels at storytelling. 4. Citizen Sleeper 2 Citizen Sleeper 2 takes us back to the capitalist dystopia of the Helion System, Gareth Damian Martin's vision of industrial sci-fi vision of a future society ruled by corporations. As the titular Sleeper, you are a human mind transplanted into a synthetic frame that's broken free from the yoke of your corporate overlords. To stay one step ahead of your pursuers, you must manage your time against TTRPG-style dice rolls, take on risky contracts to earn enough credits to stay alive, and recruit crew members that can help your plight or bring more trouble to your ship's doorstep. Whatever choices you make, expect a heartfelt narrative that champions human connection and asks what it means to be human. Our Citizen Sleeper 2 review says it's "enough to bring a tear to your eye." 5. A Plague Tale: Requiem To quote our A Plague Tale: Requiem review, "from the onset, there's a sense that something just isn't right". Soon after their rather humble beginnings, Amicia and Hugo are forced to move to a citadel chock-full of people hiding from the horrors outside the city walls. If you've played the first game, A Plague Tale: Innocence, you know that Hugo's presence spells doom for their new home. What makes Requiem so much more than its predecessor is that the duo have grown up with wildly different views. Amicia is more streetwise, having seen combat up close, and thus has fewer problems taking a more violent solution. However, she also wants what she thinks is best for her brother. Hugo, on the other hand, is a lot younger, and while he has a stronger moral compass, he's slowly becoming more naive to the real issue. It's a fascinating dynamic between the duo, and to the bitter end, it puts the two siblings at odds. 6. What Remains of Edith Finch What Remains of Edith Finch is an exploration game that takes us on a tour of protagonist Edith Finch's old family house, recounting tales of her relatives through stylized vignettes that range from working in a fish cannery to playing as a baby in a bathtub. As you explore Edith's home, you'll learn about her past and her troubled and unsettled life at the now-abandoned Finch home as she relays how the family curse took hold of all her family members. What Remains of Edith Finch is a tragic journey through the eyes of Edith and her need to relive her haunted past to move on and strive for a new future. Each mini-episode within the game tells the story of one of Edith's family members, using different gameplay mechanics and genres for each one. The game can be played in a single afternoon, only taking around two hours to complete. 7. Her Story Her Story is a classic whodunnit where instead of investigating crime scenes and interrogating suspects, you're sitting in front of an ancient computer watching snippets of the suspect's testimony. You find snippets by typing keywords into a database search bar, which means the order you view the testimony is totally up to you. Depending on what leads you chase up, you might get the beginning, middle, or end and draw the wrong conclusions. Her Story mixes grainy full-motion video and its isolated subject to maintain an uneasy tone as you search archived footage of the subject and try to make sense of, well, her story. Find out more about this point-and-click adventure in our Her Story review. 8. Disco Elysium A detective game with heavy dialogue at its core, Disco Elysium's seemingly simple story about a murder investigation in a poverty-stricken city quickly unravels into a magical realist Marxist class struggle. One of the best indie games in recent years, this RPG is packed with surprises as you investigate a murder, form your character by making dialogue decisions, applying questionable items, and literally rebuilding your psyche from the ground up. Few games let you pour skill points into your 'savoir faire', or punch a child in the face - Disco Elysium does. With an endless amount of ways to investigate, you can choose to be aggressive, clever, a blind drunk wandering around in your underpants, or anything in between. In our Disco Elysium review, we call it a new standard of RPG writing. Whatever decisions you make when you play this RPG game, it will enamor you with whatever fever dream tangent its story takes you on. 9. Firewatch Firewatch is a first-person exploration game that casts you as Henry, a new fire lookout assigned to his post at the Shoshone National Forest, taking orders and communicating with his supervisor, Delilah, through a walkie-talkie. Also armed with grappling gear and a map - you can explore a pristine stretch of Wyoming wilderness, unraveling the mysterious and sometimes frightening events in the isolated forest. Firewatch was one of the best games of 2016, and we, in our Firewatch review, along with many others, praised it for its impactful storytelling through casual conversation. It remains one of the most innovative story games to date, a meditative, ambient experience that you'll want to play in a single session. 10. Red Dead Redemption 2 Red Dead Redemption 2 is a gigantic open-world game that is a prequel to the events of the first game. You play as Arthur Morgan, a member of the Van der Linde gang. In a scrappy and desperate bid to save your makeshift family from the impending threat of a civilized West - where outlaws are suffocated by the tightening grip of law and order - RDR2 explores the fine line between survival and morality. As we discuss in our Red Dead Redemption 2 review, it's equal parts heartbreaking and unpredictable. Red Dead Redemption 2's story is a new pinnacle for triple-A videogames, telling tragic individual stories against the richly detailed backdrop of an ever-changing western game setting. 11. God of War The former PlayStation 4 exclusive pushed the action-adventure series in a different direction, changing the camera perspective, slowing down the frantic combat, and adding RPG elements. Having settled down in the realm of Midgard after the destruction of the Greek Pantheon, we join Kratos and his son Atreus as they attempt to fulfill his wife's final wish: to scatter her remains from the highest peak in the nine realms. Along the way, though, Kratos fights against Norse gods and monsters, traveling across the realms with the help of the friendly World Serpent, Jörmungandr, and the wise-cracking head of Mimir. However, the highlight throughout the game is how Kratos slowly bonds with his son, and as his colder side withers away, the two come to terms with their important secrets. Our God of War PC review delves into the game's highly compelling story, featuring powerful performances from Christopher Judge and Sunny Suljic. 12. The Wolf Among Us We could include any number of Telltale Games' interactive stories, but it's the blend of famous folklore and fairytale characters placed into a nightmarish, neo-noir setting that makes The Wolf Among Us an instant classic. The Wolf Among Us is a fantasy-realism crossover where fable characters live in a grimy 1980s New York, wearing a product known as glamour to mask their true appearance. Featuring everyone from Snow White and Beauty and the Beast's Belle to Ichabod Crane and Dee and Dum Tweedle - you take on the role of the big bad wolf, Bigby Wolf, who's on a mission to investigate a spate of fairytale character murders. You do this by questioning different fairytale characters, and as with any Telltale Games story, each dialogue decision you make or misclick in an action sequence can have dire consequences. 13. Kentucky Route Zero Kentucky Route Zero is a Lynchian magical realist adventure game exploring a blue-collar community on a lost highway, Kentucky Route Zero. Taking on the role of truck driver Conway, running the final delivery for his failing firm, the gameplay is driven by dialogue choices that slowly reveal a forlorn and elegiac tale of tragedy and redemption. Kentucky Route Zero is about finding power and driving into the humdrum beats of the narrative. As you move through the story and ease into its world, the tidal, electronic score and piercing art style of muted colors and paper cutouts bring this rural stretch of the American heartland to life. Don't expect much in the way of dramatic plot twists or climactic action set pieces. Instead, Kentucky Route Zero is more concerned with the characters you meet and the journey. 14. Inscryption Inscryption is a horror game that wants to mess with you. It's similar to card games like Hand of Fate and Slay the Spire, where the mysterious gamemaster forces you to play a roguelike card game in his remote log cabin. You sacrifice creatures to play better beasts as you journey across three boards to beat him and escape. Before long, though, the cards begin to talk to you, encouraging you to get up from your seat and explore the cabin, delving into its escape-room-like puzzles to find a way out. With plenty of twists and turns along the way, this is one interactive adventure that's sure to stay with you for quite some time. 15. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt While The Witcher saga originates from a series of books and now has a TV show alongside the game trilogy, if there's one piece of media you should consume from the universe, it's The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. When it launched in 2015, the majority of players were newcomers, and while your choices from the second game carry over, the third game truly ramps up the story beats, as we discuss in our The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt review. Playing as Geralt of Rivia, you embark on a quest to find your adopted daughter Ciri before the Wild Hunt. This will take you from swampy marshes to bustling cities and barren peaks, battling monsters and humans alike, but the highlight is, without a shadow of a doubt, the narrative. Individual side quests in The Witcher 3 have more weight and better storytelling than many entire games - those who know about Bloody Baron, Ladies of the Wood, or A Towerful of Mice know exactly what we're talking about. 16. The Last of Us Post-apocalyptic romps are ten-a-penny, but few have left as much of a lasting impact as The Last of Us. Naughty Dog's gripping, grounded narrative is one of the best out there, following unlikely duo Joel and Ellie as they navigate a world ravaged by a fungal virus that has turned most of its inhabitants into ravenous creatures. Its tight focus on its dual protagonists, paying special attention to their complex relationship, has earned it plaudits aplenty. This is only bolstered by tight combat and crafting systems that take a leaf out of Resident Evil's book. Spawning a sequel and an immensely popular TV spinoff, as well as doing wonders for the popularity of plaid shirts, The Last of Us' success cannot be understated. That wraps up the best story games to play right now. It shouldn't come as a surprise that a lot of the experiences we've listed here also feature on our best PC games list, so we highly recommend checking that out if you haven't done so already.
If you're looking for a great narrative that you can't put down, you've come to the right place. Escape into something special with our list of the best story games on PC. Story games are living, breathing narratives; the best ones let us have our say in how the plot unravels.
Whether you're surviving the Wild West in Red Dead Redemption 2, solving crimes in Disco Elysium, or exploring fraught father-son relationships in God of War, many of the unforgettable stories in modern pop culture have emerged from the best PC games. Get ready to laugh, think, and cry as we go through some of the greatest narrative experiences on offer.
As the standout entry in the series, Mass Effect 2 brings sci-fi drama to the extreme. Although all three of the main Mass Effect games are arguably great, Mass Effect 2's story shines above the rest, forcing you to make agonizingly difficult choices and wrestle with moral dilemmas.
Commander Shepard is tasked with the arduous job of saving the galaxy from an ancient threat. Sure, that might sound familiar, but this time around the galactic government has turned to a dangerous terrorist organization to continue to support itself financially. You'll need to embark on a daring but dangerous mission to take down the enemy, preparing by forming a suitable crew, gearing up, and upgrading your ship. To add to the drama and high-stakes action, you can focus on the more intimate details of Shepard's life by fostering friendships and even new relationships.
The sequel to Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, which released way back in 2017, Hellblade 2 sees Senua continue on her path of dealing with the effects of psychosis as she forges a path through 7th-century Iceland. Joined by three unlikely companions, Senua is wrestling with the voices in her head, the Furies, to take more control of her decisions and, in turn, her life.
Whether she succeeds or not, we won't spoil, but you can check out our Hellblade 2 review to get our full thoughts on the latest from developer Ninja Theory. Another shoutout needs to go to Heilung for providing the music for the game, which really complements the ongoing narrative.
Two horror novels written simultaneously would be a creepy premise at the best of times, but imagine if your main characters were living through these words as they're being written. Our Alan Wake 2 review calls it a "new horror classic," and it's easy to see why.
With an interwoven plot shared between two troubled protagonists, it can be easy to get caught up in a complex web of twists and turns. However, the high-quality acting sells the narrative well, and the cutscenes in The Dark Place are a particularly trippy, unexpected experience. As a game about a writer, it's fitting that Alan Wake 2 excels at storytelling.
Citizen Sleeper 2 takes us back to the capitalist dystopia of the Helion System, Gareth Damian Martin's vision of industrial sci-fi vision of a future society ruled by corporations. As the titular Sleeper, you are a human mind transplanted into a synthetic frame that's broken free from the yoke of your corporate overlords.
To stay one step ahead of your pursuers, you must manage your time against TTRPG-style dice rolls, take on risky contracts to earn enough credits to stay alive, and recruit crew members that can help your plight or bring more trouble to your ship's doorstep. Whatever choices you make, expect a heartfelt narrative that champions human connection and asks what it means to be human. Our Citizen Sleeper 2 review says it's "enough to bring a tear to your eye."
To quote our A Plague Tale: Requiem review, "from the onset, there's a sense that something just isn't right". Soon after their rather humble beginnings, Amicia and Hugo are forced to move to a citadel chock-full of people hiding from the horrors outside the city walls. If you've played the first game, A Plague Tale: Innocence, you know that Hugo's presence spells doom for their new home.
What makes Requiem so much more than its predecessor is that the duo have grown up with wildly different views. Amicia is more streetwise, having seen combat up close, and thus has fewer problems taking a more violent solution. However, she also wants what she thinks is best for her brother. Hugo, on the other hand, is a lot younger, and while he has a stronger moral compass, he's slowly becoming more naive to the real issue. It's a fascinating dynamic between the duo, and to the bitter end, it puts the two siblings at odds.
What Remains of Edith Finch is an exploration game that takes us on a tour of protagonist Edith Finch's old family house, recounting tales of her relatives through stylized vignettes that range from working in a fish cannery to playing as a baby in a bathtub. As you explore Edith's home, you'll learn about her past and her troubled and unsettled life at the now-abandoned Finch home as she relays how the family curse took hold of all her family members.
What Remains of Edith Finch is a tragic journey through the eyes of Edith and her need to relive her haunted past to move on and strive for a new future. Each mini-episode within the game tells the story of one of Edith's family members, using different gameplay mechanics and genres for each one. The game can be played in a single afternoon, only taking around two hours to complete.
Her Story is a classic whodunnit where instead of investigating crime scenes and interrogating suspects, you're sitting in front of an ancient computer watching snippets of the suspect's testimony. You find snippets by typing keywords into a database search bar, which means the order you view the testimony is totally up to you.
Depending on what leads you chase up, you might get the beginning, middle, or end and draw the wrong conclusions. Her Story mixes grainy full-motion video and its isolated subject to maintain an uneasy tone as you search archived footage of the subject and try to make sense of, well, her story. Find out more about this point-and-click adventure in our Her Story review.
A detective game with heavy dialogue at its core, Disco Elysium's seemingly simple story about a murder investigation in a poverty-stricken city quickly unravels into a magical realist Marxist class struggle. One of the best indie games in recent years, this RPG is packed with surprises as you investigate a murder, form your character by making dialogue decisions, applying questionable items, and literally rebuilding your psyche from the ground up.
Few games let you pour skill points into your 'savoir faire', or punch a child in the face - Disco Elysium does. With an endless amount of ways to investigate, you can choose to be aggressive, clever, a blind drunk wandering around in your underpants, or anything in between. In our Disco Elysium review, we call it a new standard of RPG writing. Whatever decisions you make when you play this RPG game, it will enamor you with whatever fever dream tangent its story takes you on.
Firewatch is a first-person exploration game that casts you as Henry, a new fire lookout assigned to his post at the Shoshone National Forest, taking orders and communicating with his supervisor, Delilah, through a walkie-talkie. Also armed with grappling gear and a map - you can explore a pristine stretch of Wyoming wilderness, unraveling the mysterious and sometimes frightening events in the isolated forest.
Firewatch was one of the best games of 2016, and we, in our Firewatch review, along with many others, praised it for its impactful storytelling through casual conversation. It remains one of the most innovative story games to date, a meditative, ambient experience that you'll want to play in a single session.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a gigantic open-world game that is a prequel to the events of the first game. You play as Arthur Morgan, a member of the Van der Linde gang. In a scrappy and desperate bid to save your makeshift family from the impending threat of a civilized West - where outlaws are suffocated by the tightening grip of law and order - RDR2 explores the fine line between survival and morality.
As we discuss in our Red Dead Redemption 2 review, it's equal parts heartbreaking and unpredictable. Red Dead Redemption 2's story is a new pinnacle for triple-A videogames, telling tragic individual stories against the richly detailed backdrop of an ever-changing western game setting.
The former PlayStation 4 exclusive pushed the action-adventure series in a different direction, changing the camera perspective, slowing down the frantic combat, and adding RPG elements. Having settled down in the realm of Midgard after the destruction of the Greek Pantheon, we join Kratos and his son Atreus as they attempt to fulfill his wife's final wish: to scatter her remains from the highest peak in the nine realms.
Along the way, though, Kratos fights against Norse gods and monsters, traveling across the realms with the help of the friendly World Serpent, Jörmungandr, and the wise-cracking head of Mimir. However, the highlight throughout the game is how Kratos slowly bonds with his son, and as his colder side withers away, the two come to terms with their important secrets. Our God of War PC review delves into the game's highly compelling story, featuring powerful performances from Christopher Judge and Sunny Suljic.
We could include any number of Telltale Games' interactive stories, but it's the blend of famous folklore and fairytale characters placed into a nightmarish, neo-noir setting that makes The Wolf Among Us an instant classic. The Wolf Among Us is a fantasy-realism crossover where fable characters live in a grimy 1980s New York, wearing a product known as glamour to mask their true appearance.
Featuring everyone from Snow White and Beauty and the Beast's Belle to Ichabod Crane and Dee and Dum Tweedle - you take on the role of the big bad wolf, Bigby Wolf, who's on a mission to investigate a spate of fairytale character murders. You do this by questioning different fairytale characters, and as with any Telltale Games story, each dialogue decision you make or misclick in an action sequence can have dire consequences.
Kentucky Route Zero is a Lynchian magical realist adventure game exploring a blue-collar community on a lost highway, Kentucky Route Zero. Taking on the role of truck driver Conway, running the final delivery for his failing firm, the gameplay is driven by dialogue choices that slowly reveal a forlorn and elegiac tale of tragedy and redemption.
Kentucky Route Zero is about finding power and driving into the humdrum beats of the narrative. As you move through the story and ease into its world, the tidal, electronic score and piercing art style of muted colors and paper cutouts bring this rural stretch of the American heartland to life. Don't expect much in the way of dramatic plot twists or climactic action set pieces. Instead, Kentucky Route Zero is more concerned with the characters you meet and the journey.
Inscryption is a horror game that wants to mess with you. It's similar to card games like Hand of Fate and Slay the Spire, where the mysterious gamemaster forces you to play a roguelike card game in his remote log cabin. You sacrifice creatures to play better beasts as you journey across three boards to beat him and escape.
Before long, though, the cards begin to talk to you, encouraging you to get up from your seat and explore the cabin, delving into its escape-room-like puzzles to find a way out. With plenty of twists and turns along the way, this is one interactive adventure that's sure to stay with you for quite some time.
While The Witcher saga originates from a series of books and now has a TV show alongside the game trilogy, if there's one piece of media you should consume from the universe, it's The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. When it launched in 2015, the majority of players were newcomers, and while your choices from the second game carry over, the third game truly ramps up the story beats, as we discuss in our The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt review.
Playing as Geralt of Rivia, you embark on a quest to find your adopted daughter Ciri before the Wild Hunt. This will take you from swampy marshes to bustling cities and barren peaks, battling monsters and humans alike, but the highlight is, without a shadow of a doubt, the narrative. Individual side quests in The Witcher 3 have more weight and better storytelling than many entire games - those who know about Bloody Baron, Ladies of the Wood, or A Towerful of Mice know exactly what we're talking about.
Post-apocalyptic romps are ten-a-penny, but few have left as much of a lasting impact as The Last of Us. Naughty Dog's gripping, grounded narrative is one of the best out there, following unlikely duo Joel and Ellie as they navigate a world ravaged by a fungal virus that has turned most of its inhabitants into ravenous creatures.
Its tight focus on its dual protagonists, paying special attention to their complex relationship, has earned it plaudits aplenty. This is only bolstered by tight combat and crafting systems that take a leaf out of Resident Evil's book. Spawning a sequel and an immensely popular TV spinoff, as well as doing wonders for the popularity of plaid shirts, The Last of Us' success cannot be understated.
That wraps up the best story games to play right now. It shouldn't come as a surprise that a lot of the experiences we've listed here also feature on our best PC games list, so we highly recommend checking that out if you haven't done so already.
Gina Lees Gina is a part-time senior guides writer at PCGamesN and can usually be found with her head in a book, writing thriller and horror stories, or playing narrative-driven adventure games in front of an episode of It's Always Sunny. Gina loves to wander the plains in Valheim, explore the Settled Systems in Starfield, wish for new characters in Genshin Impact and Honkai Star Rail, and bash zombies and other monstrous critters in horror games. Alongside her dedication to sim management games, she also covers Minecraft and Final Fantasy. She's currently very invested in Baldur's Gate 3 and getting her trusty companions to the end alive.


--- SOURCE: https://gamerant.com/best-games-all-about-gameplay/ ---
Sign in to your Game Rant account Summary Some games prioritize gameplay over story, offering fun and exciting experiences like Sunset Overdrive. Helldivers 2 and Titanfall 2 focus on action-packed gameplay, delivering cinematic chaos and thrilling mobility in battles. Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice sets a high standard for challenging deflection mechanics, emphasizing precision and mastery in swordplay. Video games are designed with many different intentions and focuses. Some opt for a more story-driven route with great narratives and writing, while others go the other direction and put all their energy into the gameplay itself to create a fun and exciting experience without needing anything else to tie it together. Related 8 Great Open-World Games That Are Immediately Fun While some open-world games take a fair few hours for players to totally get into it, there are others that are fun from the boot-up screen. Posts 5 By Harry Ted Sprinks Feb 3, 2025 Many games use story as a loose thread or motivator for what the player is doing, and there are plenty of games that use that philosophy to push the gameplay to its limits and truly defy all expectations. For those looking to dive in, here are some of the best games that are all about gameplay. 8 Sunset Overdrive A Vibrant Open-World That Never Takes Itself Seriously Sunset Overdrive 8/10 Released October 28, 2014 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M For Mature 17+ due to Blood and Gore, Drug Reference, Sexual Themes, Strong Language, Violence Developer(s) Insomniac Games Genre(s) Third-Person Shooter, Open-World Platform(s) Xbox One, PC OpenCritic Rating Strong Powered by Expand Collapse Sunset Overdrive is a hilarious and super-fun open-world game that has no regard for seriousness whatsoever. Set in a city overrun with zombie-like creatures thanks to an energy drink gone wrong, players skate, bounce, and glide across the skyline, grabbing collectibles and shooting anything that gets too close. The story itself is never the real focus, as with such an intense and adrenaline-filled ride ahead of them, players will be far more interested in styling on their enemies and unlocking ridiculous weapon combos to decimate the hordes with both finesse and style. 7 Helldivers 2 Cinematic Insanity Throughout Every Mission Helldivers 2 9/10 Released February 8, 2024 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL ESRB Mature 17+ / Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, In-Game Purchases, Users Interact Developer(s) Arrowhead Game Studios, Nixxes Genre(s) Third-Person Shooter, Extraction Shooter, Action, Science Fiction Platform(s) PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, PC OpenCritic Rating Strong 6 Images Powered by Expand Collapse Helldivers 2 takes the concept of interplanetary warfare and thrusts players straight onto the battlefield, fighting together against bugs, aliens, and robots across dozens of different planets. Each sector around the Earth is broken up into segments, containing planets with different missions and enemy types to take on, all providing unique challenges and rewards for players of any kind. There is no narrative restricting players or even any specific NPCs to draw their attention away from the fight, ensuring that every moment feels just as exciting as the last. With explosions firing in all directions and enemies approaching from all sides, it doesn't take long before mayhem ensues, and it is up to the player to use their arsenal of airstrikes and automatic turrets to fight back and defend Super Earth at all costs. 6 Devil May Cry 5 Style And Comedy All In One Devil May Cry 5 10/10 Released March 8, 2019 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M for Mature: Blood, Partial Nudity, Strong Language, Violence Developer(s) Capcom Genre(s) Action Platform(s) PS4, Xbox One, PC, PS5, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S OpenCritic Rating Mighty Powered by Expand Collapse The Devil May Cry series has always been known for its ridiculous gameplay and wacky storylines, and the fifth installment is no different. Dante is back and ready to kill some demons once again, this time with even more weapons and combo potential but all the same speed and style as before. Related Best Feel-Good Games These wholesome games encourage positivity and seeing the world for the best that it can be, even in the face of darkness. Posts 1 By Harry Ted Sprinks Mar 24, 2025 The gameplay feels so natural, and even though some fights can get pretty tough towards the later stages, it never stops feeling fun. The overarching narrative is a nice way of keeping things tidy, yet the sequences still remain absurd at all times, ensuring maximum adrenaline and excitement no matter what. 5 Titanfall 2 The Gold Standard For Mobility Shooters Titanfall 2 9/10 Released October 28, 2016 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M for Mature: Blood and Gore, Language, Violence Developer(s) Respawn Entertainment Genre(s) FPS Platform(s) PS4, Xbox One, PC OpenCritic Rating Mighty Powered by Expand Collapse Titanfall 2 is easily one of the best FPS games out there. It brings with it so much action and gives players all the tools they need to push the movement and gunplay to their limits, both in and out of the Titans. Despite the name, running around as a pilot can be just as fun, if not more enjoyable at times, as players can zip around the map with a variety of movement skills to outwit their opponents and get the upper hand. The momentum never really stops, and the same goes for the campaign, where even though there is a story to follow through each mission, it is hard not to get distracted by the awesome gameplay and explosive action that coats every moment of the game. 4 DOOM: The Dark Ages Just As Brutal As Ever DOOM: The Dark Ages 8/10 Released May 15, 2025 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL ESRB M For Mature 17+ // Blood and Gore, Intense Violence Developer(s) id Software Genre(s) FPS, Action, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Platform(s) PC, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, PlayStation 5 OpenCritic Rating Mighty 5 Images Powered by Expand Collapse DOOM: The Dark Ages keeps the modern DOOM series going by shifting settings to a gritty medieval world full of iconic demons with equally iconic weapons that players can use to take them out. The game is broken up into missions, which are woven together with narrative cutscenes that bring in a nice sense of direction to the gameplay, but the actual fighting really takes center stage. From giant mechs to mechanically-enhanced dragons, there is never a dull moment, and players are given every method possible to deal as much destruction and wreak as much havoc as they possibly can. The new shield mechanics combined with the old-school weapons like the shotgun turn Doomslayer into a dashing powerhouse that closes gaps and tears through anything that gets too close in a matter of seconds, delivering a power fantasy of hellish proportions. 3 Marvel's Spider-Man 2 Web-Swinging Goodness From Start To Finish Marvel's Spider-Man 2 9/10 Released October 20, 2023 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB T For Teen Due To Blood, Drug Reference, Mild Language, Violence Developer(s) Insomniac Games Genre(s) Open-World, Action-Adventure, Superhero Platform(s) PlayStation 5, PC OpenCritic Rating Mighty 8 Images Powered by Expand Collapse Spider-Man 2 maintains all the same action and fluidity of the first game and brings in plenty of new tricks to spice things up in unexpected ways. The ability to play as Miles Morales adds another layer of complexity to certain encounters, as no two missions are truly the same, but every single one feels like an action sequence straight out of a Marvel movie. Related Exploration-Heavy Games With Great Gameplay These incredible video games not only showcase vast and complicated environments to explore, but they also deliver great gameplay to match. Posts By Harry Ted Sprinks Mar 30, 2025 The real joy comes from the free roam and the movement around the map. The ability to swing around and fly through the air at incredible speeds is also truly awesome, and the way it transitions effortlessly into combat allows every moment to deliver on the gameplay first philosophy in the best way possible. 2 Hades Stylized Action Against The Gods Hades 10/10 Released September 17, 2020 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB T for Teen: Alcohol Reference, Blood, Mild Language, Suggestive Themes, Violence Developer(s) Supergiant Games Genre(s) Action RPG, Roguelite Platform(s) PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, Switch, PC OpenCritic Rating Mighty Powered by Expand Collapse Hades has stood at the top of the roguelike genre for many years now, and it is clear to see why. Diving straight into the underworld, players fight fire with fire, dashing across the screen at high speed and dispatching progressively more challenging foes as they get closer and closer to taking on the final boss. The real fun comes from the ability to choose between several starting weapons that all have very distinctive playstyles, combined with traditional roguelike mechanics that allow players to grow stronger throughout the run in interesting ways aside from simple stat buffs. The intensity never slows down, and players are encouraged to push their limits as much as possible against smaller foes and the bosses themselves. 1 Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice The Definition Of Deflection Perfection Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice Released March 22, 2019 Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY DIGITAL PHYSICAL ESRB M for Mature: Blood and Gore, Violence Developer(s) From Software Genre(s) Action RPG Platform(s) PS4, PC, Xbox One OpenCritic Rating Mighty Powered by Expand Collapse Sekiro is the new gold standard for parry mechanics in gaming, delivering a satisfying and challenging deflection journey to test even seasoned Soulslike players. Everything revolves around the swordplay, as the upgrade mechanics have been streamlined, which allows players to focus entirely on learning and mastering the absurd precision required to succeed. As players progress, they are given more tools to combat specific attack types, with every skill being a valuable tool that can be used in nearly every single fight. The story is great, but it has all the same FromSoftware tendencies to keep things ambiguous, allowing the gameplay to really steal the show, demonstrating a level of perfection that is still yet to be matched. More Best Story-Driven Games With Great Gameplay It's not easy to find a game that marries a focus on storytelling with stellar gameplay, but these video games do a fine job of it. Posts By Harry Ted Sprinks Mar 18, 2025
Some games prioritize gameplay over story, offering fun and exciting experiences like Sunset Overdrive.
Helldivers 2 and Titanfall 2 focus on action-packed gameplay, delivering cinematic chaos and thrilling mobility in battles.
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice sets a high standard for challenging deflection mechanics, emphasizing precision and mastery in swordplay.
Video games are designed with many different intentions and focuses. Some opt for a more story-driven route with great narratives and writing, while others go the other direction and put all their energy into the gameplay itself to create a fun and exciting experience without needing anything else to tie it together.
8 Great Open-World Games That Are Immediately Fun
While some open-world games take a fair few hours for players to totally get into it, there are others that are fun from the boot-up screen.
Many games use story as a loose thread or motivator for what the player is doing, and there are plenty of games that use that philosophy to push the gameplay to its limits and truly defy all expectations. For those looking to dive in, here are some of the best games that are all about gameplay.
A Vibrant Open-World That Never Takes Itself Seriously
Sunset Overdrive is a hilarious and super-fun open-world game that has no regard for seriousness whatsoever. Set in a city overrun with zombie-like creatures thanks to an energy drink gone wrong, players skate, bounce, and glide across the skyline, grabbing collectibles and shooting anything that gets too close.
The story itself is never the real focus, as with such an intense and adrenaline-filled ride ahead of them, players will be far more interested in styling on their enemies and unlocking ridiculous weapon combos to decimate the hordes with both finesse and style.
Cinematic Insanity Throughout Every Mission
Helldivers 2 takes the concept of interplanetary warfare and thrusts players straight onto the battlefield, fighting together against bugs, aliens, and robots across dozens of different planets. Each sector around the Earth is broken up into segments, containing planets with different missions and enemy types to take on, all providing unique challenges and rewards for players of any kind.
There is no narrative restricting players or even any specific NPCs to draw their attention away from the fight, ensuring that every moment feels just as exciting as the last. With explosions firing in all directions and enemies approaching from all sides, it doesn't take long before mayhem ensues, and it is up to the player to use their arsenal of airstrikes and automatic turrets to fight back and defend Super Earth at all costs.
The Devil May Cry series has always been known for its ridiculous gameplay and wacky storylines, and the fifth installment is no different. Dante is back and ready to kill some demons once again, this time with even more weapons and combo potential but all the same speed and style as before.
These wholesome games encourage positivity and seeing the world for the best that it can be, even in the face of darkness.
The gameplay feels so natural, and even though some fights can get pretty tough towards the later stages, it never stops feeling fun. The overarching narrative is a nice way of keeping things tidy, yet the sequences still remain absurd at all times, ensuring maximum adrenaline and excitement no matter what.
Titanfall 2 is easily one of the best FPS games out there. It brings with it so much action and gives players all the tools they need to push the movement and gunplay to their limits, both in and out of the Titans. Despite the name, running around as a pilot can be just as fun, if not more enjoyable at times, as players can zip around the map with a variety of movement skills to outwit their opponents and get the upper hand.
The momentum never really stops, and the same goes for the campaign, where even though there is a story to follow through each mission, it is hard not to get distracted by the awesome gameplay and explosive action that coats every moment of the game.
DOOM: The Dark Ages keeps the modern DOOM series going by shifting settings to a gritty medieval world full of iconic demons with equally iconic weapons that players can use to take them out. The game is broken up into missions, which are woven together with narrative cutscenes that bring in a nice sense of direction to the gameplay, but the actual fighting really takes center stage.
From giant mechs to mechanically-enhanced dragons, there is never a dull moment, and players are given every method possible to deal as much destruction and wreak as much havoc as they possibly can. The new shield mechanics combined with the old-school weapons like the shotgun turn Doomslayer into a dashing powerhouse that closes gaps and tears through anything that gets too close in a matter of seconds, delivering a power fantasy of hellish proportions.
Web-Swinging Goodness From Start To Finish
Spider-Man 2 maintains all the same action and fluidity of the first game and brings in plenty of new tricks to spice things up in unexpected ways. The ability to play as Miles Morales adds another layer of complexity to certain encounters, as no two missions are truly the same, but every single one feels like an action sequence straight out of a Marvel movie.
Exploration-Heavy Games With Great Gameplay
These incredible video games not only showcase vast and complicated environments to explore, but they also deliver great gameplay to match.
The real joy comes from the free roam and the movement around the map. The ability to swing around and fly through the air at incredible speeds is also truly awesome, and the way it transitions effortlessly into combat allows every moment to deliver on the gameplay first philosophy in the best way possible.
Hades has stood at the top of the roguelike genre for many years now, and it is clear to see why. Diving straight into the underworld, players fight fire with fire, dashing across the screen at high speed and dispatching progressively more challenging foes as they get closer and closer to taking on the final boss.
The real fun comes from the ability to choose between several starting weapons that all have very distinctive playstyles, combined with traditional roguelike mechanics that allow players to grow stronger throughout the run in interesting ways aside from simple stat buffs. The intensity never slows down, and players are encouraged to push their limits as much as possible against smaller foes and the bosses themselves.
Sekiro is the new gold standard for parry mechanics in gaming, delivering a satisfying and challenging deflection journey to test even seasoned Soulslike players. Everything revolves around the swordplay, as the upgrade mechanics have been streamlined, which allows players to focus entirely on learning and mastering the absurd precision required to succeed.
As players progress, they are given more tools to combat specific attack types, with every skill being a valuable tool that can be used in nearly every single fight. The story is great, but it has all the same FromSoftware tendencies to keep things ambiguous, allowing the gameplay to really steal the show, demonstrating a level of perfection that is still yet to be matched.
Best Story-Driven Games With Great Gameplay
It's not easy to find a game that marries a focus on storytelling with stellar gameplay, but these video games do a fine job of it.


--- SOURCE: https://www.thegamer.com/games-with-better-gameplay-than-stories/ ---
Sign in to your TheGamer account Summary Stellar Blade shines with sci-fi action despite a lackluster story, enticing players with visceral combat and impressive boss fights. Days Gone offers unmatched zombie carnage with massive hordes and a thrilling post-apocalyptic setting in the Pacific Northwest. Ghost of Tsushima delivers extraordinary samurai combat and stunning visuals, but falls short in its predictable and lackluster story. Sometimes, you can't get the best of both worlds in terms of equally balanced and terrific gameplay and story. Not every game's narrative can be as pleasing as Uncharted 4, The Witcher 3, or Red Dead Redemption 2, but you shouldn't count games out just because of that. Sometimes, the gameplay is beyond epic and can completely overshadow the story. Related 10 Open-World Games With The Best Combat From Dragon's Dogma 2 to Dying Light 2, Infinite Wealth, and Just Cause, open-world immersion comes with a side of fine-tuned combat design. Posts By Dennis Moiseyev May 23, 2024 It's actually a great thing for developers to show off their chops and make a well-designed, polished game, even when it is at the cost of the story seeming a bit lackluster. Fun gameplay is very important, and not every adventure has to have award-winning writing in order to deliver peak entertainment. 10 Mad Max Realistic Apocalyptic Mayhem Platform(s) PC, Mac, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, Xbox 360 Released August 30, 2015 Developer(s) Avalanche Studios Group, Feral Interactive, Fatalist Entertainment AB Publisher(s) Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment Like the films the game is based on, 2015's Mad Max is more memorable for its setting, riveting gameplay, and vehicle mayhem than its actual story. While Chumbucket is an excellent companion and there are some emotional story moments during Max's journey, the actual storyline is pretty weak and predictable, with a villain that doesn't live up to the ones in the film series. The gameplay, however, is incredibly immersive and detailed, transporting you into the brutal wasteland and making you feel like you're playing a new Mad Max movie. The VFX for the destruction of the cars and environment, the car customization and upgrades, having to fill your vehicle with gasoline and have Chumbucket repair it, as well as scavenging for food and water make the experience realistic. Made by Avalanche Studios (Just Cause series) and published by Warner Bros. Games, the hand-to-hand combat is also extremely visceral. You feel every attack, and the game uses the Batman Arkham method of combat. 9 Days Gone Unmatched Zombie Carnage Days Gone Released April 26, 2019 Developer(s) Bend Studio Publisher(s) Sony Platform(s) PC, PlayStation 4 Powered by Expand Collapse Days Gone is probably one of the most underrated zombie games, not because of its story, but rather for its unique and inventive gameplay spin on the genre. There exist better post-apocalyptic narratives from PlayStation with more well-written protagonists than Deacon St. John, like The Last of Us and the Horizon series, but the zombie carnage is unmatched. Related Best Zombie Games Zombies being in video games is almost as old as the gaming industry itself, and here we look at the best games with the living dead in them. Posts By Matt Mckeown Jan 26, 2025 The infected AI (called Freakers in the lore of Days Gone) behaves like the rats in A Plague Tale: Innocence and Requiem or the zombies in World War Z, swarming you in massive hordes for you to escape and pick off. You also have the post-apocalyptic Pacific Northwest setting of Oregon to explore, and being on a motorbike and feeling like Daryl from The Walking Dead makes for badass gameplay. 8 Stellar Blade A Devilishly Gorgeous Hack n Slash Experience Stellar Blade Released April 26, 2024 Developer(s) Shift Up Publisher(s) Sony Interactive Entertainment Platform(s) PC, PS5 Powered by Expand Collapse No, it's not 'all about Eve' and her jiggle physics as to why Stellar Blade is ending up here. It's a sci-fi story crafted by a studio clearly influenced by NieR: Automata, yet the plot is not as compelling. Luckily, Stellar Blade makes up for that with its stellar gameplay. Where the story fails to stick the landing, the core game loop is enough to keep you entertained. The enemy designs and UI are stylish and original, and the combat and graphics are very satisfying, an impressive feat for a debut title. It's a sci-fi hack-and-slash reliant on boss fights with alien creatures, and you'll find it to be a much more enjoyable experience than PlayStation's other complex and confusing sci-fi game, Returnal. 7 Deathloop A Seductive Gameplay Loop And Upgrade System Deathloop Released September 14, 2021 Developer(s) Arkane Studios Publisher(s) Bethesda Platform(s) PC, PS5, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S Powered by Expand Collapse Although the Dishonored series and Prey from Arkane Studios measure equally in both story and gameplay, Deathloop is all gameplay and offers very little sustenance if you're craving the same type of storytelling. This is mainly because the premise relies on a time loop mechanic of you having to die over and over again on a quest to kill eight Visionaries on the island you're trapped on. There is that sense of mystery and waking up not knowing what's going on and being thrust right into the conflict, but the main character and game systems far outshine the main story. In addition to a clever upgrade system that ties well into the time loop design and having the extra obstacle of Julianna Blake spawning in-level to sabotage you in a duel, the combat abilities and weapons are BioShock meets Dishonored. 6 Control Supernatural Powers And Reality-Bending Suspense Control Released August 27, 2019 Developer(s) Remedy Entertainment Publisher(s) 505 Games Platform(s) PC, PS4, PS5, Switch, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, Xbox One Powered by Expand Collapse You might never understand Control's story or the mind-bending and thought-provoking ideas and worlds Remedy creates, but you can't deny its gameplay isn't purely outstanding. All of Jesse Faden's abilities as a parautilitarian (one piece of the highly complex puzzle of the story), whether it's throwing objects at Hiss enemies, using her service weapon, levitating in the air, or interacting with Altered Items, are brilliantly executed. Related 10 Weirdest Triple-A Games From the Kingdom Hearts series to Death Stranding, these are some of the most unique, creative and bizarre triple-a games around. Posts By Hilton Webster Jan 6, 2024 There are very obscure concepts and pseudo-scientific jargon from Dr. Casper Darling and mysterious and weird bosses and entities like 'The Board' and the FBC's janitor, Ahti, who may or may not be the gatekeeper to interdimensional travel. The follow-up game, Alan Wake 2, does a much better job of balancing both and helping weave some of these materials together, but Control remains an undefeated supernatural third-person action game. 5 BioShock Infinite Clever Traversal And Time Warping Environments BioShock Infinite Released March 26, 2013 Developer(s) Irrational Games Publisher(s) 2K Platform(s) PS3, Xbox 360, PC, macOS, Linux Powered by Expand Collapse Interestingly enough, our Executive Editor at TheGamer, Jade King, wrote a piece analyzing BioShock Infinite's story and concluded it's "one of the worst stories in video games." Again, it's a case where the game had potential with really excellent ideas regarding the important topics of race and religion, but the overarching narrative and multiversal twists didn't do it any favors and didn't make it land as well as the first game. Instead, BioShock Infinite's Columbia proved a much better environment to explore and engage enemies in, and Elizabeth added a lot to the gameplay both as a character and her abilities as a companion. The Sky-Hook and rail system traversal is a nice feature, the Vigor abilities add fun new dynamics that some Plasmids didn't, and the time tears that change the environment are such a thrilling mechanic way ahead of their time. 4 Ghost Of Tsushima Incredibly Gorgeous Samurai Combat Sim Ghost of Tsushima Released July 17, 2020 Developer(s) Sucker Punch Publisher(s) Sony Platform(s) PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 Powered by Expand Collapse Sucker Punch is a PlayStation studio that's not really known for its narrative masterpieces in the way Naughty Dog, Santa Monica Studio, and Insomniac are. They focus largely on giving you an immersive gameplay experience with very neat and original combat, as the Infamous series has shown, and now with Ghost of Tsushima. In our 3/5 star review of Ghost of Tsushima, TheGamer's Peter Glagowski writes "The basic story is incredibly predictable and rarely exciting." While it may be a solid samurai sim with remarkable combat design, including duels and even a black-and-white cinematic Kurosawa Mode, and stunning scenic environments, you'll find the story largely bland and lacking any real historical significance. 3 Dragon's Dogma 2 Innovative Systems And Combat/Enemy Variety Dragon's Dogma 2 Released March 22, 2024 Developer(s) Capcom Publisher(s) Capcom Platform(s) PC, PS5, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S Powered by Expand Collapse Don't expect a narrative to the scale of Baldur's Gate 3 or Skyrim when you get into the high fantasy world of Dragon's Dogma 2, because that's not ultimately the core aspect of the game. The story is not that in-depth and extravagant, but the traversal, world map, enemy creature AI, companion AI, and combat system are. Related 10 Best High Fantasy Games Of All Time You can't really shoot for higher fantasy than these thrilling video game adventures. Posts By Dennis Moiseyev Jun 4, 2024 The Pawn system is one of the best and most inventive gameplay elements any game could include, allowing you to customize each companion's appearance, throw them, or have them catch you in their arms if you take a fall. Then, you can get a Cyclops to make you and your party a bridge, get dragged away by wolves, or fly atop a Griffin while slaying it, not to mention all the Vocation options for the Arisen. 2 The Last Of Us Part 2 Remastered Plenty Of Stealth, Suspense, And Gore The Last of Us Part 2 Released June 19, 2020 Developer(s) Naughty Dog Publisher(s) Sony Platform(s) PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 Powered by Expand Collapse The Last of Us Part 2 took some big swings with its story (literally if you're in Joel's shoes), but the narrative foundations are ultimately very weak and reaching, merely created for the sake of telling another story in its universe. All of a sudden, the random Firefly doctor Joel kills becomes a very important character and creates this whole new plotline to explore themes of revenge. It's certainly not quite as organic as the first game's plot. What you do have with The Last of Us Part 2 is phenomenal gameplay that entails an expansive apocalyptic playground of stealth and extremely detailed and realistic animations and gore. There's also plenty of suspenseful level design and set pieces, featuring new enemies and bosses like the Rat King, and the PS5 remaster has even more gameplay to offer with Lost Levels and a No Return roguelike mode. 1 The Soulsborne Series Hauntingly Beautiful And Brutal Elden Ring Released February 25, 2022 Developer(s) From Software Publisher(s) Bandai Namco Entertainment, From Software Platform(s) PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S, Xbox Series X Powered by Expand Collapse FromSoftware is a master at crafting rich visual landscapes, whether it be the gloomy Gothic city of Yharnam in Bloodborne, the Medieval fantasy landscapes of Elden Ring, Dark Souls, and Demon's Souls, or the historical Sengoku period of Japan in Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. And populating these worlds are also some of the most wondrous and extraordinary boss designs you'll ever see. That's the distinct signature FromSoftware sets out to create with its Soulsborne line of games. Though there is plenty of supplementary lore you can search for, and the environments tell their own story sometimes, the punishing gameplay and countless defeats are truly second to none and are the main lure and highlight of these titles. Next 8 Games With Hidden Gameplay Mechanics Games like Resident Evil 4, Half-Life, and Bioshock have hidden mechanics you may not have even noticed. Posts By Jason Licitra May 1, 2024
Stellar Blade shines with sci-fi action despite a lackluster story, enticing players with visceral combat and impressive boss fights.
Days Gone offers unmatched zombie carnage with massive hordes and a thrilling post-apocalyptic setting in the Pacific Northwest.
Ghost of Tsushima delivers extraordinary samurai combat and stunning visuals, but falls short in its predictable and lackluster story.
Sometimes, you can't get the best of both worlds in terms of equally balanced and terrific gameplay and story. Not every game's narrative can be as pleasing as Uncharted 4, The Witcher 3, or Red Dead Redemption 2, but you shouldn't count games out just because of that. Sometimes, the gameplay is beyond epic and can completely overshadow the story.
From Dragon's Dogma 2 to Dying Light 2, Infinite Wealth, and Just Cause, open-world immersion comes with a side of fine-tuned combat design.
It's actually a great thing for developers to show off their chops and make a well-designed, polished game, even when it is at the cost of the story seeming a bit lackluster. Fun gameplay is very important, and not every adventure has to have award-winning writing in order to deliver peak entertainment.
PC, Mac, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, Xbox 360
Avalanche Studios Group, Feral Interactive, Fatalist Entertainment AB
Like the films the game is based on, 2015's Mad Max is more memorable for its setting, riveting gameplay, and vehicle mayhem than its actual story. While Chumbucket is an excellent companion and there are some emotional story moments during Max's journey, the actual storyline is pretty weak and predictable, with a villain that doesn't live up to the ones in the film series.
The gameplay, however, is incredibly immersive and detailed, transporting you into the brutal wasteland and making you feel like you're playing a new Mad Max movie. The VFX for the destruction of the cars and environment, the car customization and upgrades, having to fill your vehicle with gasoline and have Chumbucket repair it, as well as scavenging for food and water make the experience realistic.
Made by Avalanche Studios (Just Cause series) and published by Warner Bros. Games, the hand-to-hand combat is also extremely visceral. You feel every attack, and the game uses the Batman Arkham method of combat.
Days Gone is probably one of the most underrated zombie games, not because of its story, but rather for its unique and inventive gameplay spin on the genre. There exist better post-apocalyptic narratives from PlayStation with more well-written protagonists than Deacon St. John, like The Last of Us and the Horizon series, but the zombie carnage is unmatched.
Zombies being in video games is almost as old as the gaming industry itself, and here we look at the best games with the living dead in them.
The infected AI (called Freakers in the lore of Days Gone) behaves like the rats in A Plague Tale: Innocence and Requiem or the zombies in World War Z, swarming you in massive hordes for you to escape and pick off. You also have the post-apocalyptic Pacific Northwest setting of Oregon to explore, and being on a motorbike and feeling like Daryl from The Walking Dead makes for badass gameplay.
A Devilishly Gorgeous Hack n Slash Experience
No, it's not 'all about Eve' and her jiggle physics as to why Stellar Blade is ending up here. It's a sci-fi story crafted by a studio clearly influenced by NieR: Automata, yet the plot is not as compelling. Luckily, Stellar Blade makes up for that with its stellar gameplay.
Where the story fails to stick the landing, the core game loop is enough to keep you entertained. The enemy designs and UI are stylish and original, and the combat and graphics are very satisfying, an impressive feat for a debut title. It's a sci-fi hack-and-slash reliant on boss fights with alien creatures, and you'll find it to be a much more enjoyable experience than PlayStation's other complex and confusing sci-fi game, Returnal.
A Seductive Gameplay Loop And Upgrade System
Although the Dishonored series and Prey from Arkane Studios measure equally in both story and gameplay, Deathloop is all gameplay and offers very little sustenance if you're craving the same type of storytelling. This is mainly because the premise relies on a time loop mechanic of you having to die over and over again on a quest to kill eight Visionaries on the island you're trapped on.
There is that sense of mystery and waking up not knowing what's going on and being thrust right into the conflict, but the main character and game systems far outshine the main story. In addition to a clever upgrade system that ties well into the time loop design and having the extra obstacle of Julianna Blake spawning in-level to sabotage you in a duel, the combat abilities and weapons are BioShock meets Dishonored.
Supernatural Powers And Reality-Bending Suspense
You might never understand Control's story or the mind-bending and thought-provoking ideas and worlds Remedy creates, but you can't deny its gameplay isn't purely outstanding. All of Jesse Faden's abilities as a parautilitarian (one piece of the highly complex puzzle of the story), whether it's throwing objects at Hiss enemies, using her service weapon, levitating in the air, or interacting with Altered Items, are brilliantly executed.
From the Kingdom Hearts series to Death Stranding, these are some of the most unique, creative and bizarre triple-a games around.
There are very obscure concepts and pseudo-scientific jargon from Dr. Casper Darling and mysterious and weird bosses and entities like 'The Board' and the FBC's janitor, Ahti, who may or may not be the gatekeeper to interdimensional travel. The follow-up game, Alan Wake 2, does a much better job of balancing both and helping weave some of these materials together, but Control remains an undefeated supernatural third-person action game.
Clever Traversal And Time Warping Environments
Interestingly enough, our Executive Editor at TheGamer, Jade King, wrote a piece analyzing BioShock Infinite's story and concluded it's "one of the worst stories in video games." Again, it's a case where the game had potential with really excellent ideas regarding the important topics of race and religion, but the overarching narrative and multiversal twists didn't do it any favors and didn't make it land as well as the first game.
Instead, BioShock Infinite's Columbia proved a much better environment to explore and engage enemies in, and Elizabeth added a lot to the gameplay both as a character and her abilities as a companion. The Sky-Hook and rail system traversal is a nice feature, the Vigor abilities add fun new dynamics that some Plasmids didn't, and the time tears that change the environment are such a thrilling mechanic way ahead of their time.
Sucker Punch is a PlayStation studio that's not really known for its narrative masterpieces in the way Naughty Dog, Santa Monica Studio, and Insomniac are. They focus largely on giving you an immersive gameplay experience with very neat and original combat, as the Infamous series has shown, and now with Ghost of Tsushima.
In our 3/5 star review of Ghost of Tsushima, TheGamer's Peter Glagowski writes "The basic story is incredibly predictable and rarely exciting." While it may be a solid samurai sim with remarkable combat design, including duels and even a black-and-white cinematic Kurosawa Mode, and stunning scenic environments, you'll find the story largely bland and lacking any real historical significance.
Innovative Systems And Combat/Enemy Variety
Don't expect a narrative to the scale of Baldur's Gate 3 or Skyrim when you get into the high fantasy world of Dragon's Dogma 2, because that's not ultimately the core aspect of the game. The story is not that in-depth and extravagant, but the traversal, world map, enemy creature AI, companion AI, and combat system are.
You can't really shoot for higher fantasy than these thrilling video game adventures.
The Pawn system is one of the best and most inventive gameplay elements any game could include, allowing you to customize each companion's appearance, throw them, or have them catch you in their arms if you take a fall. Then, you can get a Cyclops to make you and your party a bridge, get dragged away by wolves, or fly atop a Griffin while slaying it, not to mention all the Vocation options for the Arisen.
The Last of Us Part 2 took some big swings with its story (literally if you're in Joel's shoes), but the narrative foundations are ultimately very weak and reaching, merely created for the sake of telling another story in its universe. All of a sudden, the random Firefly doctor Joel kills becomes a very important character and creates this whole new plotline to explore themes of revenge. It's certainly not quite as organic as the first game's plot.
What you do have with The Last of Us Part 2 is phenomenal gameplay that entails an expansive apocalyptic playground of stealth and extremely detailed and realistic animations and gore. There's also plenty of suspenseful level design and set pieces, featuring new enemies and bosses like the Rat King, and the PS5 remaster has even more gameplay to offer with Lost Levels and a No Return roguelike mode.
FromSoftware is a master at crafting rich visual landscapes, whether it be the gloomy Gothic city of Yharnam in Bloodborne, the Medieval fantasy landscapes of Elden Ring, Dark Souls, and Demon's Souls, or the historical Sengoku period of Japan in Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. And populating these worlds are also some of the most wondrous and extraordinary boss designs you'll ever see.
That's the distinct signature FromSoftware sets out to create with its Soulsborne line of games. Though there is plenty of supplementary lore you can search for, and the environments tell their own story sometimes, the punishing gameplay and countless defeats are truly second to none and are the main lure and highlight of these titles.
Games like Resident Evil 4, Half-Life, and Bioshock have hidden mechanics you may not have even noticed.


--- SOURCE: https://www.gamesradar.com/best-pc-games/ ---
(Image credit: Larian Studios/PlayStation Publishing LLC/EA/Capcom) The list of the best PC games is flourishing as we enter 2026. The platform is packed with fantastic options, from big sprawling adventures that let you put the best gaming PCs out there to good use, to smaller experiences that you can play no matter your setup. But with such an extensive catalogue of games available and more console exclusives making their way to our PCs than ever before, you might find yourself wondering what to play next.In this list, we've brought together the very best PC games around right now across all manner of genres. That means whether you're a fan of shooters or the best single-player games, don't worry, we've got you covered. While each entry will have different system requirements, we've also ensured that we've chosen a broad enough selection so you can find something to suit your setup (be that a tower or a laptop). With some of the best Steam games you can tuck into right now, including some of the latest releases, the best PC games truly deliver some of the most memorable experiences around. And with so many new games to look forward to – including some of the most exciting upcoming PC games like Resident Evil Requiem and 007 First Light, this list is here to help you keep busy while we wait for these new adventures to arrive.So read on below to find our pick of the 25 best PC games around right now. But keep in mind that our ranking may change as more exciting titles head our way! And if you are after pure timeless PC options, you can also head on over to our list of the best classic PC games as well.Latest Videos From GamesRadar+The best PC games to play today, starting with...25. Indiana Jones and the Great Circle (Image credit: Bethesda)Release: 2024Developer: MachineGamesIndiana Jones and the Great Circle lets you put on the famous fedora of the iconic archeologist in a sprawling, action-packed adventure from Wolfenstein developer Machine Games. If you've ever wondered what it would be like to step into an Indiana Jones movie (circa the 80s), then this is about as close as you can get. Capturing the spirit and look of the classic trilogy, the Great Circle takes place between Raiders of the Lost Ark and The Last Crusade.Throughout the game, you'll be traveling to multiple locations as you try to uncover pieces of an ancient artifact before the Nazis get their hands on it. Exploration is key here, with every new area having a stunning sense of wonder as you discover side-quests, secrets, and local cuisines that give you stamina buffs. The Great Circle also has one of the funnest melee combat systems on PC right now, so each whip crack and punch feels hefty and satisfying. It's a marvel to play, and if you're a PC player who also happens to love series like Uncharted, you won't find a better title. Read our full Indiana Jones and the Great Circle review for more.Get it now:SteamSign up to the GamesRadar+ NewsletterWeekly digests, tales from the communities you love, and more24. Split Fiction (Image credit: EA)Release: 2025Developer: Hazelight StudiosSplit Fiction is, hands down, the best co-op game that you can currently play on PC. In fact, it's also one of our top picks for the best games of 2025, because yes, it's just that good. From the brilliant minds at Hazelight Studios, Split Fiction follows the story of two writers (one specializing in sci-fi, the other in fantasy) as they find themselves trapped in a machine scrapping their ideas. Platform your way through stunning levels as you work to find glitches and break the theft technology before it's too late.Every level in Split Fiction is a love letter to gaming, with new and innovative mechanics introduced at every turn. Shoot your way through a sci-fi energy plant, fly on the backs of dragons, or gather up a dancing ape conga line. You'll never be bored! The inclusion of the Friend's Pass that lets you're player two experience the game without buying an extra copy also supports cross-play. This means that PC players can easily link up with console fans too. Split Fiction is not only a marvel, but it's highly accessible. For more information, you can head on over to our Split Fiction review to find out more.Get it now:Steam23. Alien Isolation (Image credit: Creative Assembly)Release: 2014Developer: Creative AssemblyBeep, beep, beep. Alien: Isolation's motion tracker is a blessing and a curse: a terrifying sign that the beast is near, and even the thought of the sound puts our hair on edge. But we daren't put it away in case we turn a corner and, bam, the alien is on top of us, and it's game over, and we have to leave our PC to go outside for a long, slow walk. So we clutch the tracker close, hiding under a chrome desk in the hope the alien leaves us alone.Isolation's tech helps create a sense of place — the flickering monitors and clunky computers are straight out of '70s sci-fi films. And then there's the alien itself, one of the greatest video game monsters ever spawned. Intelligent, crafty, and horrifying, it's always stalking you, always searching. Grab your tracker and hide for your life. For more, read our Alien Isolation review.Get it now:SteamHumble Store22. Rocket League (Image credit: Epic)Release: 2015Developer: PsyonixFootball, but with cars: it's that simple, and that complicated. Rocket League is, to the beginner, a fast arcade sport where vehicles slam into each other at 100 mph and occasionally bundle the ball into the net. But as you get to grips with the controls, it turns into an aerial acrobatic show with front flip assists, mid-air twirls, and last-second winners. The great thing about Rocket League is that it's fun at both of these levels.You can gather some friends on a sofa and set up a casual 1v1 tournament, with bonus scores for the flashiest goals. You can team up with a squad and really dive into the tactics, rotating goalkeepers and trying to score the perfect team goal. If you want, you can switch it entirely to a game of hockey, with a puck instead of a ball. Each time you play, you can feel yourself improving, and your first properly good goal – not one where you've accidentally tapped it in with your bumper – is a memorable moment. Read our Rocket League review next!Get it now:SteamHumble Store21. Hollow Knight (Image credit: Team Cherry)Release: 2017Developer: Team CherryWhile we loved its sequel, Silksong, Hollow Knight is an underground labyrinth of secrets: burrow in and you'll be lost in its lofty caverns, tight tunnels, and beautiful, ruined cities, and you won't want to find the way out. As you jump and slash through it, you'll slowly unpick the lore of this bug-inhabited world, and realize its story runs far deeper than you initially expected. The map feels endless, and even late in the game, you'll stumble on whole huge areas you never knew existed. When you travel through them, they'll connect to a familiar space in a way that instantly makes sense and feels just right.You'll battle 28 bosses and visit varied locales, from grand greenhouses to snowy planes being dusted by the ashes of a long-dead being. As you progress, you'll upgrade your character, The Knight, with charms that change your playstyle: one damages foes anytime you get hurt, another lets you fire energy from your sword when at full health. Finding and equipping charms and landing on the combination that works for you is just one of the many reasons you'll want to boot it up for a second playthrough, where you'll likely get a completely different ending (all five are worth seeing, if you can find the time).Get it now:SteamGOGHumble Store20. Final Fantasy 14 (Image credit: Square Enix)Release: 2014Developer: Square EnixSquare Enix's second go at an online MMO is one of the biggest comeback kids of gaming: the base game was repetitive and not much to write home about, but the team didn't stop there, improving FF14 with every expansion. Now it boasts one of the best stories in online roleplaying, and is truly a game for everyone – those who like to play with friends and strangers as much as those who just want to roam a fantasy world by themselves.Final Fantasy 14 hasn't only proven that the best Final Fantasy game (just read our Final Fantasy 14: Dawntrail review for more on that), it may in fact be an excellent MMO; it's also in a position to teach other MMOs a thing or two about crafting satisfying, year-long plot arcs.Get it now:Square Enix ShopSteam19. Marvel's Spider-Man Remastered (Image credit: Insomniac Games)Release: 2022Developer(s): Insomniac Games, Nixxes SoftwareWhen this game first launched as a PlayStation exclusive, it immediately fulfilled the Spider-Man fantasy. Web-slinging, whether in combat or as a traversal mechanic, simply feels fantastic, and Spider-Man's New York is one of the most beautiful video game cityscapes to date. The story, which you can enjoy even if you're not familiar with the Marvel comics universe, takes you on a tour with all of Spider-Man's nemeses, friends, and family members, and even the side missions are continuously fun.Marvel's Spider-Man is the superhero action game to measure licensed games by, full of love for its subject and simply a joy to play, combining stealth, action, and a great story, all of it looking extra sparkly in the remastered PC version. Read our Marvel's Spider-Man review for more on this classic.Get it now:SteamEpic Games Store18. Disco Elysium (Image credit: ZA/UM)Release: 2019Developer: ZA/UMDisco Elysium's tale of a washed-up, alcoholic detective sounds like a cliché. 10 seconds in, you'll realize it's anything but. You might have a heart attack trying to unhook your necktie, which itself is arguing with you, from a ceiling fan. You can look in the mirror and convince yourself you were once a rockstar that played to screaming audiences, or discuss the complex political breakdown of a city plagued by corruption with a racist lorry driver. And that's just within the first half an hour.Disco Elysium is a game that celebrates language and characters: an RPG without combat where all your duels are verbal, and every conversation is peppered by funny asides from different aspects of your own psyche, all clamoring to have their internal voices heard. You have a long list of choices for nearly every piece of dialogue, and what you say meaningfully impacts the characters around you. It's witty, it's bleak, and we can't get enough of it.Get it now:SteamHumble Store GOG17. Outer Wilds (Image credit: Mobius Digital)Release: 2020Developer: Mobius DigitalA joyful, playful space story about a character who dies every 22 minutes. During each life, you explore its wonderfully folksy sci-fi world and watch it change, entire planets splitting apart before your eyes. You try your best to learn something new, and then you close your eyes and you're back at the start, the world reset, leaving you 22 more minutes to try and figure out what the hell is going on.It's the perfect window to dive into its intertwining stories. The world is small enough that your makeshift spaceship can reach any planet in a few minutes, giving you plenty of time to delve into ruins and talk to memorable NPCs. But it's never long enough for you to uncover the whole truth, leaving you with plot threads to pick up in your next life. Slowly, you'll start to tie these threads together, and the world only becomes more fascinating with every new expedition. Best of all, the conclusion is absolutely worth sticking around for.Get it now:Epic Games StoreMicrosoft Store16. The Sims 4 (Image credit: EA Games)Release: 2014Developer: MaxisThe best life sim on PC never stops improving. The Sims has a long legacy as one of the best PC games around. Honestly, we could have put The Sims 2 and The Sims 3 on this list, too, and (in some ways) both those games are superior to The Sims 4. However, we chose to include the latest entry in the beloved franchise due it the amount of content still being offered for it as well as its amazing building mechanics.The best Sims 4 expansions have always been on the pricier side, but they always add something new to the life of your Sims, such as magic spells, a tropical island world, or a themed furniture set for your grumpy teenager's bedroom. We never tire of the way The Sims 4 can generate dynamic storylines – family dramas, love triangles, or personal struggles, and those tales keep us coming back, year after year, expansion after expansion.Get it now:EA PlaySteam15. Helldivers 2 (Image credit: Sony)Release: 2024Developer: Arrowhead Game StudiosIf you haven't heard of Helldivers 2 by some miracle, let me explain it to you: it's an online multiplayer PvE extraction shooter where you team up with your fellow outer space soldiers to spread democracy far and wide across hostile planets. And it's an absolute riot. In fact, if you couldn't tell by our glowing Helldivers 2 review already, it's one of our favorite titles of 2024.Swapping out the top-down stylings of the first Helldivers for a modern third-person action perspective, Helldivers 2 is as dynamic as it is frenetic. The game launched to an almost instantaneous positive reception, uniting PS5 and PC players in an online arena where friendly fire is possible (and let's face it, probable) and almost anything can happen. The Starship Troopers-steeped third-person shooter is an all-out party, if by "party" you mean "vicious war against monstrous bugs and mechs", and in that regard, Helldivers 2 is already well on the way to becoming one of the best PC games ever. If you can squeeze onto a server, of course.Get it now:Steam14. XCOM 2 (Image credit: Firaxis Games)Release: 2016Developer: Firaxis GamesXCOM 2 is a slick, turn-based strategy game that doesn’t care about your feelings. As you battle an alien invasion, you’ll grow attached to your squad, upgrading them, customizing their gear, and building personalities for them in their head. Then, one wrong move and you’ll watch them get their face torn off by a towering, faceless, pink mutant, and there will be nothing you can do about it. It’s agonizing.That loss is part of XCOM 2. Without it, the wins wouldn't feel so good, and you wouldn't spend so long deciding which piece of cover to sprint to next. The simple controls and intuitive UI make it easy to pick up, and once you get in the flow of a battle, you'll be barking out orders quickly, watching your soldiers pop in and out of cover.Get it now:SteamHumble Store13. Deathloop (Image credit: Bethesda)Release: 2021Developer: Arkane LyonArkane just knows how to deliver. Dishonored 2 has already spent a long time in our top 30, after much anticipation, but now the studio's next game also deserves a spot. Deathloop is a first-person shooter with elements governed by a time loop. As assassin Colt, you're trying to escape an island full of gun-toting inhabitants by killing nine targets and breaking the time loop, forcing you to relive the same day. The only problem – these targets can't be found in the same section of the island, and since you can only visit one section per day, you have to find ways to herd them together over the course of the story.In order to do this, you not only need to familiarize yourself with your target's routines, Hitman-style, but you also need to learn the ins and outs of each section. Arkane once again delivers on great level design, so there's plenty to explore. The gunplay feels amazing and is in typical Arkane style, bolstered by a selection of meaningful skills to give you an edge in a fight. This is a time loop game that allows you to retain enough in terms of equipment and progress that things don't get frustrating. Similarly, there are next to no repeats. There's a lot to see in Deathloop, and while it refines systems you'll recognize from other games, it's another uniquely Arkane affair – executed with style and deeply satisfying throughout. Check out our Deathloop review for more information.Get it now:Steam12. God of War (Image credit: Sony)Release: 2018Developer: Santa Monica StudioOnce again, one of the most successful PlayStation-exclusive games has found its way to PC, and -you can all exhale now – it's a great port. God of War isn't only an incredible tech showcase thanks to its looks and world with no loading screens, but also a carefully told story of fatherhood and a robust action game. Even if you have no knowledge of the other God of War games, you can understand and empathize with the story of a man trying to make peace with his past, thanks to great acting and a script that takes its time, letting characters express themselves authentically, pacing its big, show-stopping moments well.From a gameplay standpoint, the action in God of War may follow easily recognizable patterns, but Kratos' axe is fun to use, not least because of its recall mechanic, and there is an undeniable feeling of impact to your every action. Add some interesting puzzles and breathtaking locales, and you get one of the finest action-adventures you can play, one that truly sets the bar for years to come. God of War's sequel, God of War Ragnarok, is a worthy successor to this great game. Read our God of War review next.Get it now:SteamEpic Games Store11. Half Life: Alyx (Image credit: Valve)Release: 2020Developer: ValveAlyx feels like a proper evolution of Half-Life 2, one of the greatest shooters of all time. It combines a gripping, emotional story with the most detailed level design you've ever seen. It feels like every object can be picked up, examined, and smashed. Sometimes, that's incidental – when you're opening draws, crushing cardboard boxes, or plucking bottles of vodka from shelves – but often, it's central to progression. At one point, you must cover your mouth to stop Alyx coughing as you sneak past a blind monster, for example. This level of interaction makes the whole game feel alive, and makes you feel like a very real part of it.The shooting isn't half bad, either. You don't have many weapons, but your arsenal is punchy and lethal, and feels perfect in your hand. Reloads are done manually, which feels fiddly at first, but speeding up over time is satisfying, until eventually sliding magazines into place is second nature. Frantic firefights are broken up by smart puzzles and slower, atmospheric sections when your only light is a torch. Being in VR makes City 17 feel far spookier than we remember. Check out our Half Life Alyx review for more insights into this worthy sequel.Get it now:Steam10. Elden Ring (Image credit: FromSoftware)Release: 2022Developer: FromSoftwareWith Elden Ring, FromSoftware combines the best of its Souls games with a genuinely exciting open world. You're given the freedom to actually explore, without task markers guiding you, and customary to FromSoft games, there are plenty of secrets and hidden paths to discover. This is a dark but beautiful world, stuffed to a point that some of its secrets will likely not be discovered until much later.Of course, Elden Ring is a difficult game, maybe the most difficult FromSoftware game yet, but since you can set your own path and some quality of life changes likely inspired by previous games, Elden Ring is likely to attract even those who weren't sure about the Souls games. This is a genuine breath of fresh air for open-world games, and a game people will be enjoying and talking about for years to come. It’s a perfect example of what makes FromSoftware so popular. Plus, it's even better with the addition of the Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree expansion. Read our in-depth Elden Ring review for more.Get it now:Steam9. Minecraft (Image credit: Mojang)Release: 2011Developer: Mojang StudiosMuch like the structures you can build in its world, Minecraft just keeps getting bigger. Among other sandbox games, it stands alone in delivering on its promise of total freedom: you can break and place blocks in any way you choose, recreating the whole of Game of Thrones' Westeros – or crafting a simple seaside shack and living off the land with a fishing rod.Its multiple modes mean you can play Minecraft any way you like, which is a liberating feeling, but the presence of enemies, hidden treasure, and twisting cave systems helps lend it structure. Its sandbox world never fails to throw ambitious ideas into your head, and then before you know it, you've spent five hours working, block by block, towards your next self-made objective. Mods and custom maps broaden its scope even further, and it's at its best when you're building your next project collaboratively with a friend.Get it now:Mojang8. Resident Evil 4 Remake (Image credit: Capcom)Release: 2023Developer: CapcomWhen Resident Evil 4 was first released, it marked the switch for the series from a fixed camera perspective to a third-person over-the-shoulder viewpoint. This made things tense and much more immediate and intimate, causing countless other games over the years to adapt the style. Not only that, a new inventory system and shooting controls meant Resident Evil 4 was completely different from what came before, and you weren't even shooting zombies anymore.The fighting and set pieces in Resident Evil 4 Remake combine old and new in exhilarating ways that will satisfy both old and new fans of the series, making sure (almost) everyone's favorite Resident Evil is ready for the next generation. Read our Resident Evil 4 Remake review if you need more convincing before picking this one up.Get it now:Steam7. Hades 2 (Image credit: Supergiant Games)Release: 2024Developer: Supergiant GamesHades 2 is a masterclass in how to make a sequel that absolutely slaps, even in early access. Supergiant remixes its Hades formula with stunning precision and innovation, showing off its signature penchant for art direction, sound design, expert storytelling, and carefully fleshed-out mythologies that will leave you utterly spellbound.Taking over from her brother following the events of the first game, Hades 2 sees the princess of the underworld herself taking matters into her own, magically blessed hands. Melinoë is already shaping up to be a powerful heroine, able to wield her own set of weapons, boons, and more against the might of the Titan of Time, Chronos. With Hades himself held prisoner in his own usurped kingdom, you can expect all manner of narrative twists and turns (not to mention a cast of swoon-worthy gods and goddesses) in this thrilling roguelike adventure. You can also check out our Hades 2 Early Access review while we sit tight and wait for the PC game's full release.Get it now:Steam6. Dishonored 2 Release: 2016Developer: Arkane StudiosDishonored 2 is a near-perfect assassin sim. In the original, you were hunting a target in a huge level, and you could kill them in any way you liked: in this sequel, the maps are bigger and more intricate, your supernatural powers more impressive, and you have the option to play as a second character, Emily, who has her own murderous style.Every level is full of lavish detailed, and every avenue to your target feels like its own, perfect assassination. The smooth traversal makes it easy to get around and explore every corner of the map, searching for clues until you've planned your route to your final target. Maybe you go in shotgun blaring, maybe you spirit blink to a rooftop and sneak in through a window, or maybe you trick enemies into walking into their own electricity traps until all the guards are dead. And then, in a flash of metal and a blur of blue magic, your blade is in your target's neck, and you're vanishing into the night. It's simply glorious. Read our Dishonored 2 review for more details.Get it now:SteamHumble Store5. Red Dead Redemption 2 (Image credit: Rockstar Games)Release: 2019Developer: Rockstar GamesRed Dead Redemption 2 galloped onto PC back in 2019, and it's the definitive version of the game. It's the same story of Arthur Morgan's quest for redemption in the US wilderness, with the same complex characters and detailed world to explore, but with improved graphics and the option to add Red Dead Redemption 2 mods that let you skip the prologue, transform into an animal, or turn Arthur into the Joker. No, seriously.Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC runs far better than the console versions, and thanks to a DLSS update, The Wild West has never looked so beautiful. In our five-star Red Dead Redemption 2 review, we write, "As of right now, the cowboy classic represents the current pinnacle of video game design." It may be years since its release, but that statement still stands firm and true.Get it now:RockstarEpic Games StoreSteam4. Into the Breach (Image credit: Subset Games)Release: 2018Developer: Subset GamesInto the Breach's predictability is its strength. Its rules are so clearly explained, so explicitly laid out, that it leaves no space for chance or mystery. All of your focus can go into finding the ideal place to move your tank, or the perfect spot for a missile strike – and when you inevitably cock it all up, you'll know exactly where you went wrong.It's part strategy, part puzzle game in which you move pixel art pieces across a chessboard-style map, squashing alien invaders. Each squad you can control has its own gimmicks. One relies on pushing enemies into danger zones rather than dealing direct damage, and another is an expert at freezing aliens with icy attacks. Its brilliance comes in applying your arsenal to any given situation, taking 15 minutes to stare at the board until – Eureka! – the perfect next step finally hits you. And it has near-endless replayability: if you overcome the final boss, you can try again with a new squad that feels completely different. And even if you fail, the randomized, rogue-like world structure means you can instantly load up another round, complete with a fresh set of challenges to scratch your head at.Get it now:SteamHumble StoreGOG3. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt (Image credit: CD Projekt Red)Release: 2015Developer: CD PROJEKT REDThe first two Witcher games showed flashes of brilliance in their believable, gritty characters and low-fantasy setting, but lacked polish. The Witcher 3 pairs CD Projekt Red's excellent writing with compelling gameplay, and one of the most expansive, beautiful worlds ever created. There's a reason it's at the top of our best open-world games and best RPG games lists.The Northern Kingdoms, inspired by European mythology, are populated by fascinating creatures and, more importantly, multi-dimensional characters. They're all flawed, not least protagonist Geralt of Rivia, but whatever you feel about them, you can't help but become invested in their fates. Speaking to any of them might launch a five-hour side quest that takes you across mountain and bog, vineyard and dusty city. Perhaps you're hunting a mythical creature, or simply trying to solve a lover's quarrel: either way, you'll care about what you're doing, and you'll visit some stunning locales while doing it. Read our The Witcher 3 review for more. Get it now:SteamHumble StoreGOG2. Divinity: Original Sin 2 (Image credit: Capcom)Release: 2017Developer: Larian StudiosDivinity: Original Sin 2 is a glorious homage to the bygone days of isometric RPGs. But rather than relying on pure nostalgia, it takes the best bits of the classics – the branching stories, evocative writing, complex characters, and party building – and mixes them with sleek modern design ideas, such as physics-based spells and mod support. It sets up a clear set of rules and then encourages you to break them, something that's even more fun when you're playing with a friend, where you can settle arguments about what your party should do next via a rock-paper-scissors-style mini-game.The combat is the best you'll find in the genre, and relies on smart thinking and inventive elemental combos rather than random dice rolls. And when the fighting is done, your characters will always have something profound or witty to say to each other: it's worth listening to every incidental conversation as you delve deeper and deeper into its fascinating fantasy world.Get it now:SteamGOG1. Baldur's Gate 3 (Image credit: Larian)Release: 2023Developer: Larian StudiosIf Divinity: Original Sin 2 set a new standard for CRPGs, Baldur's Gate 3 raised the bar even higher. Set within the world and ruleset of Dungeons & Dragons rather than Larian's own fantasy world, it's the culmination of years of RPG expertise. It's a game that seems almost impossible - an expansive world dripping with detail, a hugely complex main quest that feels like it reacts to almost every move you make, and an ocean of combat possibilities to play around with, all presented with fully-acted cutscenes and beautiful environments.A single playthrough might take more than 100 hours, and you'd still have only seen a fraction of what the total game has to offer. It truly is a new gold standard for its genre. Read our Baldur's Gate 3 review if you want to know more about the absolute must-play title for all PC owners.Get it now:SteamRocking a portable device and need a little more guidance? Check out our pick of the best laptop games. TOPICS CATEGORIES Malindy HetfeldMalindy is a freelance video games writer for outlets like Eurogamer, PLAY, PCGamer and Edge Magazine, who also occasionally works in game design consultation and localization. As a Japanese speaker, she enjoys Japanese pop culture and is always on the hunt for the next game from the Land of the Rising Sun. She also particularly enjoys narrative-focused games and cute indies, and always seeks to learn more about the business-side of the gaming industry.With contributions fromJosh WestEditor-in-Chief, GamesRadar+Heather WaldSenior staff writerEmma-Jane BettsManaging Editor, EvergreensJasmine Gould-WilsonStaff Writer, GamesRadar+ You must confirm your public display name before commenting Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name. 1Octopath Traveler 0 review: "The strongest entry in this retro-styled JRPG series yet, I love the greater focus on tactical battles"2Sleep Awake review: "An all-timer horror premise is let down by tired stealth that I feel like I'm sleepwalking through"3Metroid Prime 4: Beyond review: "The series' atmosphere has never been better, while being dragged down by a boring overworld and clunky psychic powers"4Routine review: "This imperfect but wonderfully atmospheric moon-based horror leaves a strong impression"5Marvel Cosmic Invasion review: "Excellent '90s-tinged superhero brawling across a punchy campaign falls just short of arcade bliss"1Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery review: "Brings Knives Out back to its roots for a sequel that's almost on a par with the original"2Wicked: For Good review: "Builds to an incredibly cathartic conclusion, but isn't quite as captivating as Part 1"3The Running Man review: "Some fun action and Glen Powell's star power aren't enough to energize this disappointing Stephen King adaptation"4Predator: Badlands review: "Die-hard fans may be disappointed, but as a blockbuster action-adventure, Badlands kills it"5Chainsaw Man – The Movie: Reze Arc review "Storytelling just as compelling as the chainsaws, devils, and visually excessive fight scenes"1Stranger Things season 5 volume 1 review: “Can the Duffer brothers stick the landing? It’s sure looking like they will”2Pluribus season 1 review: "Easily one of the year's best dramas"3The Witcher season 4 review: "The Henry Cavill-less fourth season is the best yet"4IT: Welcome to Derry review: "A supremely confident step back into the history of Stephen King's cursed town and killer clown"5Splinter Cell: Deathwatch review: "A pale imitation of the long-dormant stealth franchise"
The list of the best PC games is flourishing as we enter 2026. The platform is packed with fantastic options, from big sprawling adventures that let you put the best gaming PCs out there to good use, to smaller experiences that you can play no matter your setup. But with such an extensive catalogue of games available and more console exclusives making their way to our PCs than ever before, you might find yourself wondering what to play next.
In this list, we've brought together the very best PC games around right now across all manner of genres. That means whether you're a fan of shooters or the best single-player games, don't worry, we've got you covered. While each entry will have different system requirements, we've also ensured that we've chosen a broad enough selection so you can find something to suit your setup (be that a tower or a laptop). With some of the best Steam games you can tuck into right now, including some of the latest releases, the best PC games truly deliver some of the most memorable experiences around. And with so many new games to look forward to – including some of the most exciting upcoming PC games like Resident Evil Requiem and 007 First Light, this list is here to help you keep busy while we wait for these new adventures to arrive.
So read on below to find our pick of the 25 best PC games around right now. But keep in mind that our ranking may change as more exciting titles head our way! And if you are after pure timeless PC options, you can also head on over to our list of the best classic PC games as well.
The best PC games to play today, starting with...
Indiana Jones and the Great Circle lets you put on the famous fedora of the iconic archeologist in a sprawling, action-packed adventure from Wolfenstein developer Machine Games. If you've ever wondered what it would be like to step into an Indiana Jones movie (circa the 80s), then this is about as close as you can get. Capturing the spirit and look of the classic trilogy, the Great Circle takes place between Raiders of the Lost Ark and The Last Crusade.
Throughout the game, you'll be traveling to multiple locations as you try to uncover pieces of an ancient artifact before the Nazis get their hands on it. Exploration is key here, with every new area having a stunning sense of wonder as you discover side-quests, secrets, and local cuisines that give you stamina buffs. The Great Circle also has one of the funnest melee combat systems on PC right now, so each whip crack and punch feels hefty and satisfying. It's a marvel to play, and if you're a PC player who also happens to love series like Uncharted, you won't find a better title. Read our full Indiana Jones and the Great Circle review for more.
Weekly digests, tales from the communities you love, and more
Release: 2025Developer: Hazelight Studios
Split Fiction is, hands down, the best co-op game that you can currently play on PC. In fact, it's also one of our top picks for the best games of 2025, because yes, it's just that good. From the brilliant minds at Hazelight Studios, Split Fiction follows the story of two writers (one specializing in sci-fi, the other in fantasy) as they find themselves trapped in a machine scrapping their ideas. Platform your way through stunning levels as you work to find glitches and break the theft technology before it's too late.
Every level in Split Fiction is a love letter to gaming, with new and innovative mechanics introduced at every turn. Shoot your way through a sci-fi energy plant, fly on the backs of dragons, or gather up a dancing ape conga line. You'll never be bored! The inclusion of the Friend's Pass that lets you're player two experience the game without buying an extra copy also supports cross-play. This means that PC players can easily link up with console fans too. Split Fiction is not only a marvel, but it's highly accessible. For more information, you can head on over to our Split Fiction review to find out more.
Release: 2014Developer: Creative Assembly
Beep, beep, beep. Alien: Isolation's motion tracker is a blessing and a curse: a terrifying sign that the beast is near, and even the thought of the sound puts our hair on edge. But we daren't put it away in case we turn a corner and, bam, the alien is on top of us, and it's game over, and we have to leave our PC to go outside for a long, slow walk. So we clutch the tracker close, hiding under a chrome desk in the hope the alien leaves us alone.
Isolation's tech helps create a sense of place — the flickering monitors and clunky computers are straight out of '70s sci-fi films. And then there's the alien itself, one of the greatest video game monsters ever spawned. Intelligent, crafty, and horrifying, it's always stalking you, always searching. Grab your tracker and hide for your life. For more, read our Alien Isolation review.
Football, but with cars: it's that simple, and that complicated. Rocket League is, to the beginner, a fast arcade sport where vehicles slam into each other at 100 mph and occasionally bundle the ball into the net. But as you get to grips with the controls, it turns into an aerial acrobatic show with front flip assists, mid-air twirls, and last-second winners. The great thing about Rocket League is that it's fun at both of these levels.
You can gather some friends on a sofa and set up a casual 1v1 tournament, with bonus scores for the flashiest goals. You can team up with a squad and really dive into the tactics, rotating goalkeepers and trying to score the perfect team goal. If you want, you can switch it entirely to a game of hockey, with a puck instead of a ball. Each time you play, you can feel yourself improving, and your first properly good goal – not one where you've accidentally tapped it in with your bumper – is a memorable moment. Read our Rocket League review next!
While we loved its sequel, Silksong, Hollow Knight is an underground labyrinth of secrets: burrow in and you'll be lost in its lofty caverns, tight tunnels, and beautiful, ruined cities, and you won't want to find the way out. As you jump and slash through it, you'll slowly unpick the lore of this bug-inhabited world, and realize its story runs far deeper than you initially expected. The map feels endless, and even late in the game, you'll stumble on whole huge areas you never knew existed. When you travel through them, they'll connect to a familiar space in a way that instantly makes sense and feels just right.
You'll battle 28 bosses and visit varied locales, from grand greenhouses to snowy planes being dusted by the ashes of a long-dead being. As you progress, you'll upgrade your character, The Knight, with charms that change your playstyle: one damages foes anytime you get hurt, another lets you fire energy from your sword when at full health. Finding and equipping charms and landing on the combination that works for you is just one of the many reasons you'll want to boot it up for a second playthrough, where you'll likely get a completely different ending (all five are worth seeing, if you can find the time).
Square Enix's second go at an online MMO is one of the biggest comeback kids of gaming: the base game was repetitive and not much to write home about, but the team didn't stop there, improving FF14 with every expansion. Now it boasts one of the best stories in online roleplaying, and is truly a game for everyone – those who like to play with friends and strangers as much as those who just want to roam a fantasy world by themselves.
Final Fantasy 14 hasn't only proven that the best Final Fantasy game (just read our Final Fantasy 14: Dawntrail review for more on that), it may in fact be an excellent MMO; it's also in a position to teach other MMOs a thing or two about crafting satisfying, year-long plot arcs.
Release: 2022Developer(s): Insomniac Games, Nixxes Software
When this game first launched as a PlayStation exclusive, it immediately fulfilled the Spider-Man fantasy. Web-slinging, whether in combat or as a traversal mechanic, simply feels fantastic, and Spider-Man's New York is one of the most beautiful video game cityscapes to date. The story, which you can enjoy even if you're not familiar with the Marvel comics universe, takes you on a tour with all of Spider-Man's nemeses, friends, and family members, and even the side missions are continuously fun.
Marvel's Spider-Man is the superhero action game to measure licensed games by, full of love for its subject and simply a joy to play, combining stealth, action, and a great story, all of it looking extra sparkly in the remastered PC version. Read our Marvel's Spider-Man review for more on this classic.
Disco Elysium's tale of a washed-up, alcoholic detective sounds like a cliché. 10 seconds in, you'll realize it's anything but. You might have a heart attack trying to unhook your necktie, which itself is arguing with you, from a ceiling fan. You can look in the mirror and convince yourself you were once a rockstar that played to screaming audiences, or discuss the complex political breakdown of a city plagued by corruption with a racist lorry driver. And that's just within the first half an hour.
Disco Elysium is a game that celebrates language and characters: an RPG without combat where all your duels are verbal, and every conversation is peppered by funny asides from different aspects of your own psyche, all clamoring to have their internal voices heard. You have a long list of choices for nearly every piece of dialogue, and what you say meaningfully impacts the characters around you. It's witty, it's bleak, and we can't get enough of it.
A joyful, playful space story about a character who dies every 22 minutes. During each life, you explore its wonderfully folksy sci-fi world and watch it change, entire planets splitting apart before your eyes. You try your best to learn something new, and then you close your eyes and you're back at the start, the world reset, leaving you 22 more minutes to try and figure out what the hell is going on.
It's the perfect window to dive into its intertwining stories. The world is small enough that your makeshift spaceship can reach any planet in a few minutes, giving you plenty of time to delve into ruins and talk to memorable NPCs. But it's never long enough for you to uncover the whole truth, leaving you with plot threads to pick up in your next life. Slowly, you'll start to tie these threads together, and the world only becomes more fascinating with every new expedition. Best of all, the conclusion is absolutely worth sticking around for.
Get it now:Epic Games StoreMicrosoft Store
The best life sim on PC never stops improving. The Sims has a long legacy as one of the best PC games around. Honestly, we could have put The Sims 2 and The Sims 3 on this list, too, and (in some ways) both those games are superior to The Sims 4. However, we chose to include the latest entry in the beloved franchise due it the amount of content still being offered for it as well as its amazing building mechanics.
The best Sims 4 expansions have always been on the pricier side, but they always add something new to the life of your Sims, such as magic spells, a tropical island world, or a themed furniture set for your grumpy teenager's bedroom. We never tire of the way The Sims 4 can generate dynamic storylines – family dramas, love triangles, or personal struggles, and those tales keep us coming back, year after year, expansion after expansion.
Release: 2024Developer: Arrowhead Game Studios
If you haven't heard of Helldivers 2 by some miracle, let me explain it to you: it's an online multiplayer PvE extraction shooter where you team up with your fellow outer space soldiers to spread democracy far and wide across hostile planets. And it's an absolute riot. In fact, if you couldn't tell by our glowing Helldivers 2 review already, it's one of our favorite titles of 2024.
Swapping out the top-down stylings of the first Helldivers for a modern third-person action perspective, Helldivers 2 is as dynamic as it is frenetic. The game launched to an almost instantaneous positive reception, uniting PS5 and PC players in an online arena where friendly fire is possible (and let's face it, probable) and almost anything can happen. The Starship Troopers-steeped third-person shooter is an all-out party, if by "party" you mean "vicious war against monstrous bugs and mechs", and in that regard, Helldivers 2 is already well on the way to becoming one of the best PC games ever. If you can squeeze onto a server, of course.
XCOM 2 is a slick, turn-based strategy game that doesn’t care about your feelings. As you battle an alien invasion, you’ll grow attached to your squad, upgrading them, customizing their gear, and building personalities for them in their head. Then, one wrong move and you’ll watch them get their face torn off by a towering, faceless, pink mutant, and there will be nothing you can do about it. It’s agonizing.
That loss is part of XCOM 2. Without it, the wins wouldn't feel so good, and you wouldn't spend so long deciding which piece of cover to sprint to next. The simple controls and intuitive UI make it easy to pick up, and once you get in the flow of a battle, you'll be barking out orders quickly, watching your soldiers pop in and out of cover.
Arkane just knows how to deliver. Dishonored 2 has already spent a long time in our top 30, after much anticipation, but now the studio's next game also deserves a spot. Deathloop is a first-person shooter with elements governed by a time loop. As assassin Colt, you're trying to escape an island full of gun-toting inhabitants by killing nine targets and breaking the time loop, forcing you to relive the same day. The only problem – these targets can't be found in the same section of the island, and since you can only visit one section per day, you have to find ways to herd them together over the course of the story.
In order to do this, you not only need to familiarize yourself with your target's routines, Hitman-style, but you also need to learn the ins and outs of each section. Arkane once again delivers on great level design, so there's plenty to explore. The gunplay feels amazing and is in typical Arkane style, bolstered by a selection of meaningful skills to give you an edge in a fight. This is a time loop game that allows you to retain enough in terms of equipment and progress that things don't get frustrating. Similarly, there are next to no repeats. There's a lot to see in Deathloop, and while it refines systems you'll recognize from other games, it's another uniquely Arkane affair – executed with style and deeply satisfying throughout. Check out our Deathloop review for more information.
Release: 2018Developer: Santa Monica Studio
Once again, one of the most successful PlayStation-exclusive games has found its way to PC, and -you can all exhale now – it's a great port. God of War isn't only an incredible tech showcase thanks to its looks and world with no loading screens, but also a carefully told story of fatherhood and a robust action game. Even if you have no knowledge of the other God of War games, you can understand and empathize with the story of a man trying to make peace with his past, thanks to great acting and a script that takes its time, letting characters express themselves authentically, pacing its big, show-stopping moments well.
From a gameplay standpoint, the action in God of War may follow easily recognizable patterns, but Kratos' axe is fun to use, not least because of its recall mechanic, and there is an undeniable feeling of impact to your every action. Add some interesting puzzles and breathtaking locales, and you get one of the finest action-adventures you can play, one that truly sets the bar for years to come. God of War's sequel, God of War Ragnarok, is a worthy successor to this great game. Read our God of War review next.
Alyx feels like a proper evolution of Half-Life 2, one of the greatest shooters of all time. It combines a gripping, emotional story with the most detailed level design you've ever seen. It feels like every object can be picked up, examined, and smashed. Sometimes, that's incidental – when you're opening draws, crushing cardboard boxes, or plucking bottles of vodka from shelves – but often, it's central to progression. At one point, you must cover your mouth to stop Alyx coughing as you sneak past a blind monster, for example. This level of interaction makes the whole game feel alive, and makes you feel like a very real part of it.
The shooting isn't half bad, either. You don't have many weapons, but your arsenal is punchy and lethal, and feels perfect in your hand. Reloads are done manually, which feels fiddly at first, but speeding up over time is satisfying, until eventually sliding magazines into place is second nature. Frantic firefights are broken up by smart puzzles and slower, atmospheric sections when your only light is a torch. Being in VR makes City 17 feel far spookier than we remember. Check out our Half Life Alyx review for more insights into this worthy sequel.
With Elden Ring, FromSoftware combines the best of its Souls games with a genuinely exciting open world. You're given the freedom to actually explore, without task markers guiding you, and customary to FromSoft games, there are plenty of secrets and hidden paths to discover. This is a dark but beautiful world, stuffed to a point that some of its secrets will likely not be discovered until much later.
Of course, Elden Ring is a difficult game, maybe the most difficult FromSoftware game yet, but since you can set your own path and some quality of life changes likely inspired by previous games, Elden Ring is likely to attract even those who weren't sure about the Souls games. This is a genuine breath of fresh air for open-world games, and a game people will be enjoying and talking about for years to come. It’s a perfect example of what makes FromSoftware so popular. Plus, it's even better with the addition of the Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree expansion. Read our in-depth Elden Ring review for more.
Much like the structures you can build in its world, Minecraft just keeps getting bigger. Among other sandbox games, it stands alone in delivering on its promise of total freedom: you can break and place blocks in any way you choose, recreating the whole of Game of Thrones' Westeros – or crafting a simple seaside shack and living off the land with a fishing rod.
Its multiple modes mean you can play Minecraft any way you like, which is a liberating feeling, but the presence of enemies, hidden treasure, and twisting cave systems helps lend it structure. Its sandbox world never fails to throw ambitious ideas into your head, and then before you know it, you've spent five hours working, block by block, towards your next self-made objective. Mods and custom maps broaden its scope even further, and it's at its best when you're building your next project collaboratively with a friend.
When Resident Evil 4 was first released, it marked the switch for the series from a fixed camera perspective to a third-person over-the-shoulder viewpoint. This made things tense and much more immediate and intimate, causing countless other games over the years to adapt the style. Not only that, a new inventory system and shooting controls meant Resident Evil 4 was completely different from what came before, and you weren't even shooting zombies anymore.
The fighting and set pieces in Resident Evil 4 Remake combine old and new in exhilarating ways that will satisfy both old and new fans of the series, making sure (almost) everyone's favorite Resident Evil is ready for the next generation. Read our Resident Evil 4 Remake review if you need more convincing before picking this one up.
Hades 2 is a masterclass in how to make a sequel that absolutely slaps, even in early access. Supergiant remixes its Hades formula with stunning precision and innovation, showing off its signature penchant for art direction, sound design, expert storytelling, and carefully fleshed-out mythologies that will leave you utterly spellbound.
Taking over from her brother following the events of the first game, Hades 2 sees the princess of the underworld herself taking matters into her own, magically blessed hands. Melinoë is already shaping up to be a powerful heroine, able to wield her own set of weapons, boons, and more against the might of the Titan of Time, Chronos. With Hades himself held prisoner in his own usurped kingdom, you can expect all manner of narrative twists and turns (not to mention a cast of swoon-worthy gods and goddesses) in this thrilling roguelike adventure. You can also check out our Hades 2 Early Access review while we sit tight and wait for the PC game's full release.
Dishonored 2 is a near-perfect assassin sim. In the original, you were hunting a target in a huge level, and you could kill them in any way you liked: in this sequel, the maps are bigger and more intricate, your supernatural powers more impressive, and you have the option to play as a second character, Emily, who has her own murderous style.
Every level is full of lavish detailed, and every avenue to your target feels like its own, perfect assassination. The smooth traversal makes it easy to get around and explore every corner of the map, searching for clues until you've planned your route to your final target. Maybe you go in shotgun blaring, maybe you spirit blink to a rooftop and sneak in through a window, or maybe you trick enemies into walking into their own electricity traps until all the guards are dead. And then, in a flash of metal and a blur of blue magic, your blade is in your target's neck, and you're vanishing into the night. It's simply glorious. Read our Dishonored 2 review for more details.
Red Dead Redemption 2 galloped onto PC back in 2019, and it's the definitive version of the game. It's the same story of Arthur Morgan's quest for redemption in the US wilderness, with the same complex characters and detailed world to explore, but with improved graphics and the option to add Red Dead Redemption 2 mods that let you skip the prologue, transform into an animal, or turn Arthur into the Joker. No, seriously.
Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC runs far better than the console versions, and thanks to a DLSS update, The Wild West has never looked so beautiful. In our five-star Red Dead Redemption 2 review, we write, "As of right now, the cowboy classic represents the current pinnacle of video game design." It may be years since its release, but that statement still stands firm and true.
Into the Breach's predictability is its strength. Its rules are so clearly explained, so explicitly laid out, that it leaves no space for chance or mystery. All of your focus can go into finding the ideal place to move your tank, or the perfect spot for a missile strike – and when you inevitably cock it all up, you'll know exactly where you went wrong.
It's part strategy, part puzzle game in which you move pixel art pieces across a chessboard-style map, squashing alien invaders. Each squad you can control has its own gimmicks. One relies on pushing enemies into danger zones rather than dealing direct damage, and another is an expert at freezing aliens with icy attacks. Its brilliance comes in applying your arsenal to any given situation, taking 15 minutes to stare at the board until – Eureka! – the perfect next step finally hits you. And it has near-endless replayability: if you overcome the final boss, you can try again with a new squad that feels completely different. And even if you fail, the randomized, rogue-like world structure means you can instantly load up another round, complete with a fresh set of challenges to scratch your head at.
The first two Witcher games showed flashes of brilliance in their believable, gritty characters and low-fantasy setting, but lacked polish. The Witcher 3 pairs CD Projekt Red's excellent writing with compelling gameplay, and one of the most expansive, beautiful worlds ever created. There's a reason it's at the top of our best open-world games and best RPG games lists.
The Northern Kingdoms, inspired by European mythology, are populated by fascinating creatures and, more importantly, multi-dimensional characters. They're all flawed, not least protagonist Geralt of Rivia, but whatever you feel about them, you can't help but become invested in their fates. Speaking to any of them might launch a five-hour side quest that takes you across mountain and bog, vineyard and dusty city. Perhaps you're hunting a mythical creature, or simply trying to solve a lover's quarrel: either way, you'll care about what you're doing, and you'll visit some stunning locales while doing it. Read our The Witcher 3 review for more.
Divinity: Original Sin 2 is a glorious homage to the bygone days of isometric RPGs. But rather than relying on pure nostalgia, it takes the best bits of the classics – the branching stories, evocative writing, complex characters, and party building – and mixes them with sleek modern design ideas, such as physics-based spells and mod support. It sets up a clear set of rules and then encourages you to break them, something that's even more fun when you're playing with a friend, where you can settle arguments about what your party should do next via a rock-paper-scissors-style mini-game.
The combat is the best you'll find in the genre, and relies on smart thinking and inventive elemental combos rather than random dice rolls. And when the fighting is done, your characters will always have something profound or witty to say to each other: it's worth listening to every incidental conversation as you delve deeper and deeper into its fascinating fantasy world.
If Divinity: Original Sin 2 set a new standard for CRPGs, Baldur's Gate 3 raised the bar even higher. Set within the world and ruleset of Dungeons & Dragons rather than Larian's own fantasy world, it's the culmination of years of RPG expertise. It's a game that seems almost impossible - an expansive world dripping with detail, a hugely complex main quest that feels like it reacts to almost every move you make, and an ocean of combat possibilities to play around with, all presented with fully-acted cutscenes and beautiful environments.
A single playthrough might take more than 100 hours, and you'd still have only seen a fraction of what the total game has to offer. It truly is a new gold standard for its genre. Read our Baldur's Gate 3 review if you want to know more about the absolute must-play title for all PC owners.
Rocking a portable device and need a little more guidance? Check out our pick of the best laptop games.
Malindy is a freelance video games writer for outlets like Eurogamer, PLAY, PCGamer and Edge Magazine, who also occasionally works in game design consultation and localization. As a Japanese speaker, she enjoys Japanese pop culture and is always on the hunt for the next game from the Land of the Rising Sun. She also particularly enjoys narrative-focused games and cute indies, and always seeks to learn more about the business-side of the gaming industry.
Emma-Jane BettsManaging Editor, Evergreens
Jasmine Gould-WilsonStaff Writer, GamesRadar+
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
1Octopath Traveler 0 review: "The strongest entry in this retro-styled JRPG series yet, I love the greater focus on tactical battles"
2Sleep Awake review: "An all-timer horror premise is let down by tired stealth that I feel like I'm sleepwalking through"
3Metroid Prime 4: Beyond review: "The series' atmosphere has never been better, while being dragged down by a boring overworld and clunky psychic powers"
4Routine review: "This imperfect but wonderfully atmospheric moon-based horror leaves a strong impression"
5Marvel Cosmic Invasion review: "Excellent '90s-tinged superhero brawling across a punchy campaign falls just short of arcade bliss"
1Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery review: "Brings Knives Out back to its roots for a sequel that's almost on a par with the original"
2Wicked: For Good review: "Builds to an incredibly cathartic conclusion, but isn't quite as captivating as Part 1"
3The Running Man review: "Some fun action and Glen Powell's star power aren't enough to energize this disappointing Stephen King adaptation"
4Predator: Badlands review: "Die-hard fans may be disappointed, but as a blockbuster action-adventure, Badlands kills it"
5Chainsaw Man – The Movie: Reze Arc review "Storytelling just as compelling as the chainsaws, devils, and visually excessive fight scenes"
1Stranger Things season 5 volume 1 review: “Can the Duffer brothers stick the landing? It’s sure looking like they will”
2Pluribus season 1 review: "Easily one of the year's best dramas"
3The Witcher season 4 review: "The Henry Cavill-less fourth season is the best yet"
4IT: Welcome to Derry review: "A supremely confident step back into the history of Stephen King's cursed town and killer clown"
5Splinter Cell: Deathwatch review: "A pale imitation of the long-dormant stealth franchise"


--- SOURCE: https://www.pcgamer.com/games/the-top-100-pc-games-2025/ ---
(Image credit: Future) Jump To: #100-91 #90-81 #80-71 #70-61 #60-51 #50-41 #40-31 #30-21 #20-11 #10-1 Personal Picks Welcome to the PC Gamer Top 100—our annual list of the best games you can play right now. For the last few months, the PC Gamer team has been busy whittling down the hundreds of thousands of games available on PC; campaigning, voting and arguing until we arrived at the 100 games you'll find below.It's a list designed to represent the passion of our global team of over 30 writers and editors. If you're wondering why Pillars of Eternity 2: Deadfire is back on the list for the first time in years, it's because Josh made a fully animated powerpoint presentation that he delivered to the team while dressed up as a pirate. Not everyone went to those lengths to advocate for their chosen favourites, but you can be sure every pick is a game that at least a few people on staff care deeply about.As always, the key question when creating a list of the best games is: What does it mean to be the 'best'? Is it a canon classic—a game that can't be ignored for its legacy to all of PC gaming? Is it an original idea, offering up something that's never been seen before? Or, more simply, is it a finely crafted masterpiece—the pinnacle of its chosen genre? In truth, the answer is that can be any or all of the above, and so those are the criteria our scoring system is built around.Latest Videos From PC GamerHow we make the listAhead of the vote, the PC Gamer team is free to nominate any PC game for Top 100 voting. These nominations gave us a longlist of 300 games. Each member of the team is then asked to rate those games subjectively across three weighted categories.Quality: How good is it? A purely personal rating of its calibre as a game. (60% of the Top 100 Score)Importance: How noteworthy is it? Its influence on other games and beyond. (20% of the Top 100 Score)Freshness: How unique is it? Its ability to stand out from other games. (20% of the Top 100 Score)Importance and Freshness are weighted around the Top 100's role as an annual list. Too much weighting to Importance, and the list remains stagnant each year. Too much to Freshness, and there's little consistency. Quality remains the most important category—if we don't think a game is actually good, it doesn't make the Top 100.The sum of each game's ratings is divided by its number of voters, and then run through a few special formula—including a confidence rating that penalises games that receive too few votes—to produce the final Top 100 score.We then make a few custom tweaks. In the interest of variety, we restrict the list to one game per series—we'll only include multiple if we feel the games are different enough from each other to both be worth mentioning, for instance Baldur's Gates 2 and 3. Otherwise the lower scoring games in a series are removed.The biggest gaming news, reviews and hardware dealsKeep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team.For the final step, every voter can pitch for one change to the list—promoting a game higher, or demoting it lower. Each pitch is voted on by the wider team, and if it gets a majority vote in favour, the change is made. Where that's happened, we've noted the editor responsible for its new placing.Only after all that do we arrive at the 100 games you'll find below. We feel it's an accurate reflection of the PC Gamer team, and who we are as gamers—our best attempt to corral our subjective, varied tastes into a list of games we wholeheartedly recommend. As always, we'd love to hear what you think—both of the list and how we make it. If you've got thoughts to share, email us at editors@pcgamer.com. Enjoy!Note: Top 100 voting was completed in July, prior to the release of games such as Borderlands 4, Battlefield 6, Hades 2, Hollow Knight: Silksong and Silent Hill f. These will all be eligible for next year's list.#100-91100. UnavowedReleased: August 8, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 210.60, promoted by Robin Valentine (Image credit: Wadjet Eye Games)Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I'm extremely relieved that Unavowed managed to slip in at the end—though it deserves to be so much higher. This is Wadjet Eye's best adventure game, and thus simply one of the best adventure games ever made, whether you're an old-school point-and-click aficionado or have more modern sensibilities. A smart, pleasingly tangled supernatural story; a fascinating roster of supernatural investigators, from a hardboiled fire mage to a spirit medium with a tiny BFF, waiting to help you on your cases; clever puzzles that don't outstay their welcome—I love it. If you've got an appetite for urban supernatural affairs like Dresden Files or Constantine, you're gonna have a great time.Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: I'm a little sad that no one's really picked up the formula laid down by Unavowed—even Wadjet itself—because it feels like a really strong case to me for how point-and-click adventures can modernise for the new era. So much of the genre is about nostalgia and throwbacks, but by bringing the best of it together with BioWare-inspired elements such as a party of companions and a story full of heavy moral choices, Unavowed feels really fresh and different.99. Cities: SkylinesReleased: August 10, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 213.12, promoted by Fraser Brown (Image credit: Paradox)Fraser Brown, Online Editor: The sequel has dented the brand, but the original Cities: Skylines remains a supremely impressive city builder, elevated by years of DLC and mods. It's better than the follow up in nearly every regard—including being considerably better looking. If you've got a sudden craving to become a modern urban planner, there simply isn't a better option, and I suspect this will be the case for a very long time.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: City builders are thriving, in part because so many developers are putting their own specific, weird or cosy twists on the genre. If you want the pure hit, though—the 100% uncut thrill of residential zoning, tax policies and traffic flow management—Cities: Skylines has spent the last decade as the undisputed king.Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Cities: Skylines is the world's best lesson in the incomparable power of the noble roundabout.98. Against The StormReleased: December 8, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 213.80, promoted by Evan Lahti (Image credit: Hooded Horse)Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: It strikes a perfect balance of resource-accumulation coziness (bake pies for frogs, brew beavers beer, delight your heat-loving lizards by assigning them to work in a kiln) and managing the looming stress of the storm, which pours on ever-increasing hardships that drive your animal and human villagers away or kill them outright. In a game about imperial settlements, it asks you to be thoughtful about your impact on the environment: the cost of each felled tree is felt, as nature itself resents your presence and gets more dangerous as you cut further into it.The art is warm, effortlessly readable, and original. The structure of the game is one of the most clever I've seen in a roguelike—each run is one leg of an excursion into an overworld map's fog of war. The latest DLC adds gloomy bats as a playable species, and a giant fuzzy creature-pet you need to placate by throwing resources at it.Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: On paper, 'roguelite citybuilder' is my personal videogame nightmare. But Against the Storm is so devilishly moreish that I've struggled to put it down. Its dark and dreary vibe is surprisingly cosy, and there's no better feeling than finally getting the blueprint for that one building you need to have your entire encampment running like a well-oiled machine.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Far more than a gimmick, the roguelite structure of randomised modifiers and choose-between-three-things upgrades works so well to enhance Against the Storm's win condition. You're not here to build a city that lasts. Your job is to satisfy your liege's demands and get out of dodge—moving on to the next town. Whatever buildings you're offered, whatever randomly generated threats are thrown your way, there's always a path to victory if you're flexible enough to use the options you're given. In the very best runs, that victory arrives moments before the inevitable disaster—when you've pushed the economy and your people beyond breaking point in order to squeeze out the last few production cycles needed to finish the job.97. Dave the DiverReleased: June 28, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 218.12 (Image credit: MINTROCKET)Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: This quaint-seeming underwater platformer is actually a bottomless array of features and minigames. "Surely weapon upgrading will be the last feature I unlock," you naively say to yourself before unlocking a photography system, fish farming, seahorse racing, and a multi-hour sea-people storyline. Otherwise, the over-the-top anime cutscenes (one of the DLCs introduces Godzilla) pair well with Dave's coastal calm.Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: Yeah, when I was creeping through a stealth section while armed guards hunted me, I asked myself "Is this game ever going to stop giving me new stuff to do?" Nope. Even the end credits has a new minigame to play.96. Shadowrun: Dragonfall – Director's CutReleased: February 27, 2014 | Top 100 Score: 218.40 (Image credit: Paradox)Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: I like games where wizards and warriors go into a dungeon, avoid traps, fight monsters, and emerge with a pile of loot, and I also like games where hackers and cyborgs go into a corporation, avoid cameras, fight security guards, and emerge with a cache of data. Shadowrun: Dragonfall looks at the similarities between fantasy dungeon crawls and cyberpunk heists, takes one in each hand, and says, "Now kiss!"The result is a turn-based RPG full of engagingly warped takes on the clichés. The dragon doesn't demand tribute, they host a talk show and demand attention. The dwarf doesn't craft magic swords, they code ultimate leet warez. And the hub's not a medieval town, it's an anarchist collective in the middle of Berlin.95. DuskReleased: December 10, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 218.40 (Image credit: New Blood Interactive)Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: The trailblazer of indie boomer shooters is still hard to beat after seven years and hundreds of lo-fi, movement and exploration-heavy FPSes released in its wake. Dusk remains fresh and surprising, even on repeat playthroughs. It manages breathtaking visuals (E2M4, E3M7) that once again show how art direction can trump fidelity. Dusk is also a very funny game, boasting some of the most earned jump scares in all of gaming, an aspect of the shooter that prefaced creator David Szymanski's breakout horror game, Iron Lung.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I love Dusk because it looks old, but it feels new: There's a clear reverence for the games that inspired it, but it doesn't wallow in nostalgia the way lesser games might. The stripped-down approach to the genre is equally great. It works brilliantly well because it's so pure—just guns, weird bad guys, clever levels, and nothing to do but shoot.94. Metaphor: ReFantazioReleased: October 11, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 219.00 (Image credit: Sega)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Not into Persona? I wasn't, either, and it didn't matter—even if you aren't comparing it to some of Atlus' other games, Metaphor: ReFantazio stands on its own two leather boots as an excellent JRPG. Which it shouldn't be, because "it's an election campaign trail" is a terrible elevator pitch for a genre that usually hinges on killing god at some point.That still happens, but the road to get there is downright fascinating—and surprisingly thoughtful. Mind, I'd never been exposed to Atlas' writing before, but I was always astonished at how cleverly it played around with the very serious themes it juggled. The flawed concept of utopia, the dangers of nationalism, the way people in power turn us on each other to hold onto it.Also, you can turn into a giant fantasy mecha and hit someone with a sword very hard.Overall, Metaphor: ReFantazio is bursting with intriguing fantasy politics, well-written characters, and a main villain I absolutely did not develop a strong crush on. Stop asking.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: It might not be the highest-ranked JRPG on this list, but I remain convinced Metaphor is the greatest JRPG ever made, taking all the good stuff from Persona 5 and sticking it in a better game. As an added bonus: no more school.Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Persona's rag-tag teen shtick is losing its relatability as I barrel into my 30s, which makes me all the more grateful Metaphor exists. Fantasy, politics, and like Harvey said, a whole heaping of hot villains to love-hate. It's shorter than a Persona game with a lot less min-maxing to stress out over, too.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: The only videogame brave enough to just make Reinhard von Lohengramm its primary antagonist and so, by default, one of the best videogames ever made.93. Hotline Miami Released: October 23, 2012 | Top 100 Score: 219.20 (Image credit: Devolver Digital)Jake Tucker, PC Gaming Show Editorial Director: Fast, brutal, and utterly hypnotic, Hotline Miami is a game that grabs you by the throat and demands attention. It's a puzzle game at heart, with every room being a conundrum solved only through violence. You slam through doors, batter white-suited Russian gangsters with hammers (and other bits), and do everything in your power to survive in this top-down fever dream of neon, blood, and carnage. It's twitchy, unforgiving and a total headfuck if you pay attention to the story.All of this is threaded through with a killer soundtrack that pulses through the entire game. Each track doesn't just accompany the violence, it feels like it drives it, surreal electronic music that amps up Hotline Miami's grim atmosphere.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: This OST still makes up a big chunk of my workout playlist.92. Lethal CompanyReleased: October 23, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 219.40 (Image credit: Zeekerss)Elie Gould, News Writer: Multiplayer wackiness is at an all-time high right now and that is thanks in large part to this hilarious co-op horror game. The best part? Zeekerss just gives players all the tools they need to create some zany moments and unforgettable memories and then just stands back and lets everyone get on with it.Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: We were sprinting back to the dropship when, inches away from the door, an Eyeless Dog snatched me up in its teeth. My teammate, who had been just two meters ahead of me, was puzzled when I didn't walk in behind him, having just heard me over prox chat seconds ago. "Uh… Evan?" He waits nine seconds for me to appear. With perfect comedic timing, the Eyeless Dog casually walks into the spaceship like it belongs there and eats my teammate.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Turns out, positional audio might be the single best game mechanic for making you laugh—Lethal Company might have a lot of imitators, but that's only because it was the first to recognise this immutable fact. It's also gone and revitalised (potentially created?) a genre unto itself.Yes, the term "friendslop" is a little derogatory, and I reckon we ought to come up with something better, but "nu-party game" doesn't quite slide off the tongue. Besides, I could never mean anything by it. Because after playing similar games as well—including the excellent Peak—I'm just glad these indie playrooms are giving me an excuse to hang out with my mates again.91. Microsoft Flight SimulatorReleased: August 18, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 219.43 (Image credit: Microsoft)Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Alright, so the 2024 edition was pretty donked up. But Flight Sim 2020's 1:1 scale virtual Earth remains one of the most impressive technical marvels in videogames, one that's responsible for the closest I've ever come to having a spiritual experience with a controller in my hands: soaring north through Italy to approach the Alps rising to meet the evening sun, and feeling firsthand how terribly small we are.Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: It's the rare game that feels like we haven't quite invented the hardware powerful enough to handle it, and may not for another decade. The level of detail in the planes is simply ridiculous, with each and every switch and button and toggle modeled and completely functional, which alone puts every other sim game to shame. And once you've gotten over the beauty of the cockpit, you can look out the window and see, y'know, the entire planet in real time. It's still hard to believe this sim really exists.#90-8190. Team Fortress 2Released: October 10, 2007 | Top 100 Score: 219.60 (Image credit: Valve)Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: Still the pinnacle of the class-based shooter, the world's premiere hat simulator, and the exemplar of how to build-out and maintain a truly community-driven title. Valve continues to issue periodic updates, albeit using crowdsourced content, and every so often still surprises fans by doing things like releasing a new comic (after a "relatively short" seven-year delay). Not bad going for a game that, on October 10, will somehow be 18 years old.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I'd be hard-pressed to find a game that's contributed as much to internet gaming culture as Team Fortress 2—with memes that've been burned into the public consciousness with all the fire of a branding iron. Couple that with some of the best class shooter gameplay to ever do it, and you've got one fresh-baked cultural touchstone ready to go. In other words, what makes Team Fortress 2 a good videogame? Well, if it were a bad videogame, I wouldn't be sittin' here, discussin' it with ya, now would I?89. PeakReleased: June 16, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 220.20 (Image credit: Aggro Crab)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Peak came out of nowhere and climbed to the top of my estimation—it's basically everything you'd want out of its genre of friendship-based co-op fun. You and your friends must ascend while maintaining your stamina, naturally crafting moments of peak physical comedy via the power of positional voice chat and a physics engine that hates you. Or you can just yell at your co-workers. I'm over it, Mollie, don't worry.Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Help me up that damn cliff next time, Harvey!Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: No.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: I love that Peak is adjacent to, but not mimicking, the crop of co-op friendly horror games spawned from Phasmophobia. Unlike Lethal Company or REPO, Peak is bright, inviting, and enduringly simple. Yet that doesn't betray a level of skill and coordination needed to clear its highest peaks. You can feel the expertise of two skilled indies in Peak. Yes, it was mostly made in a month, but there's high craft here.88. The Sims 4Released: September 2, 2014 | Top 100 Score: 220.20 (Image credit: EA)Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Other life sims have attempted to knock The Sims 4 off its throne, but it continues to be top dog. If you're willing to look past a small loan's worth of DLC, The Sims 4 still excels with a well-oiled simulation, and a build mode I wish more games would crib from.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Do I think the Sims 4 deserves to be the only game of its ilk? In a just world, and given EA's reputation for microtransactions, maybe not. But as Mollie rightly points out, nobody's managed to compete with it. Is the genre cursed by a witch? Perhaps.Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: The Sims 4 returns after the coup I committed against the series last year. Inzoi's launch this year hasn't really managed to shake The Sims 4's stranglehold on this genre of one, so on the list it stays, just banished to the 80s. Every year there are two wolves inside me: the one who still spends dozens of hours meticulously decorating houses each year and the one who knows that each new expansion brings increasingly cursed save file bugs to the game. Maybe next year I'll get everyone to vote in The Sims 2 now that we've got the Legacy Collection available.87. SubnauticaReleased: January 23, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 220.33 (Image credit: Unknown Worlds)Elie Gould, News Writer: I can't go any deeper than up to my shoulders in the sea so it just goes to show how much I love Subnautica for all its beautiful corals, intuitive crafting, and fun base building that I'm able to stomach the sickening thalassophobia.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Timeless survival crafting goodness, easily gotten on a bargain these days.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Subnautica may be the best videogame fakeout I've ever encountered. An exciting sci-fi game! An intriguing exploration adventure! Some… weird criticisms of capitalism here and there? And after lulling me into lazy-eyed complacency, my first goddamn Leviathan encounter. Most of the noises I made in that moment were not components of the English language, and of the bits that were, I cannot repeat them here, but it was balls-out terror worthy of anything conjured by Frictional. Those undersea horrors were my least favorite part of the game—I get creeped out by Jacques Cousteau documentaries, so going face to face with massive, unearthly horrors lurking in the black depths of an alien world is definitely not my thing—but it lent Subnautica a sense of intensity it otherwise would've lacked, making it unforgettable in the process.86. Rocket LeagueReleased: July 7, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 220.50 (Image credit: Psyonix)Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: Rocket League is the epitome of 'easy to learn, difficult to master'. At top-level, it's a football-aping sports sim about small cars knocking around a massive ball inside a cage. But beneath this veneer lies a game of skill, tactics, aerial mastery and astute physics manipulation, with a decade's worth of crossover and customisation content.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: I have such fond memories of the times I used to get home from work and jump straight into split screen Rocket League with a friend. As Joe points out, it's a magical combo of being easy enough to pick up and play, but still with enough depth and skill ceiling that you find yourself striving towards mastery. It's a surprisingly hard balance to achieve with a game.85. Thank Goodness You're Here!Released: August 1, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 220.80 (Image credit: Panic)Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: Still one of the only games that has made me ugly cackle at my PC. I'm not convinced I understand what a comedy slapformer is, but I know for sure that I want more of them. Especially if Matt Berry is somehow involved. Thank Goodness You're Here! is filled with minigames that are as unsettling as they are entertaining.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Thank Goodness You're Here! is an unequivocally brilliant comedy game. Not "funny for a game" but simply funny. Phenomenal gags, lots of slapping, and a tiny man who defies the laws of reality.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: It's an absurdist satire, sure, but also incredibly loving in its homage to Northern England. An absolute delight, finally beating out Jazzpunk for me as the best comedy you can play on your PC.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: I grew up on shows like The Goodies and The Young Ones so I thought British comedy was in my veins, but the third time Thank Goodness You're Here! expected me to piss myself at a man who collects WWII memorabilia having to clean up chimney dust I realized it was too British even for me.84. Halo: The Master Chief CollectionReleased: December 3, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 221.00 (Image credit: Microsoft)Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: It doesn't feel like Microsoft knows what to do with Halo these days, but luckily it got one thing right: The Master Chief Collection is the definitive way to enjoy the series' golden years. It's a generous package too: Five superb Bungie titles plus the half-decent Halo 4, with multiplayer modes aplenty including co-op and crossplay functionality. It's the single best way both start, and finish, the fight.Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Battle rifle <3Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I have to second Lincoln here, Battle Rifle indeed <3. After firmly switching to PC and not having a way to replay Halo for many years, the classic games dimmed in my memory a bit. But the old magic returned immediately when I booted up Halo: Reach on my desktop for the first time at the end of 2019. For my money, the double Scarab fight at the end of Halo 3 is the defining moment of the series, and an all-timer FPS fight.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I played the hell out of Halo 1—in its intended Castilian Spanish (don't worry about it)—back when I was a kid, but I'll be honest: I never really understood the hype. That is until pandemic lockdowns led me to return to the game and finally try to beat it solo on Legendary difficulty. It was like sharpening the whole thing to a fine point. Suddenly, facets of the design that had slid off my incredibly smooth brain like water from a duck's back became impossible to ignore. The placement of enemies and composition of their units, the precise natures of every individual weapon, the layout of each combat encounter: it all dovetailed into something I actually enjoyed ramming my head into over and over again.And then there's Halo 2, which, battle rifle <3.83. Echo Point NovaReleased: September 24, 2024| Top 100 Score: 221.00 (Image credit: Greylock Studios)Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Echo Point Nova is a sprawling open-world FPS for trickshot sickos. It's co-op Doom for friends who'd spend entire nights trying to do cool stuff in Tony Hawk or Skate. It's the "yes and" movement shooter unconcerned with rational speed limits and unapologetically made for a mouse. It's the cure to boomer shooter bloat—all killer, no filler, flow state action ripped out of a reality where Tribes sold more copies than Call of Duty.Echo Point Nova is a beautiful object that I'm continually impressed by: 1-4 player co-op that's equal parts arena shooter and extreme sports platformer. It's got Crackdown agility orbs. You can slap stickers on your hoverboard. There's a modifier to turn on friendly fire, and another that makes the floor lava.Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: You can use a grappling hook on clouds, you can hoverboard up walls, and you can blast guys with a shotgun while backflipping in first person. What else is there to say?82. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Released: April 24, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 221.63 (Image credit: Kepler Interactive)Jess Kinghorn, Hardware Writer: The isolated residents of Lumiere know their days are only ever counting down. Every year the Paintress across the sea wakes to inscribe a new number upon her monolith. If you're that age or older, well, time's up and you 'gommage', becoming nothing more than petals upon the breeze.Staring down this end, the titular expeditioners instead choose to spend their final year of life taking the fight to the Paintress through many, many turn-based fights. The twist here is that combat features an element of timing, with perfect parries against nightmarish painted creations netting you devastating counter attacks.Marinated in the angst of many classic console JRPGs from the early oughts, Clair Obscur wrings out its existential set up for all its worth with a cast of party members I'm actually close in age to. Between that, lively dust-ups, and world-building that wouldn't feel out of place in a premiere YA novel, it's little wonder this French-developed RPG has since become my whole personality.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I don't have enough good words to say about Clair Obscur—I could talk about its very competent and interesting spin on turn-based RPG combat, but what really hit me sideways was its story. Clair Obscur starts out a solid, intriguing jog, then breaks out into a dead sprint after the end of Act 2 that had me glued to my screen until I'd finished it.It's rare my opinion on a narrative flips so quickly from mild enjoyment to absolute fascination, but Clair Obscur really did just pull a magic trick on me. Except the dove in this question was a fistful of existential dread, and the magician punched me in the face after yelling "tah-dah!"Also, you can electrocute a mime to death and steal its baguette.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: The most aggressively French Final Fantasy X you can play, which I mean as a complement. I don't love it as much as some people on team—unlike Harvey, I wasn't enamoured by its third act—but overall there's much to praise about Clair Obscur's design, story and characters.Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: If I had my way, this game would be banned from the list forever just for those absolutely criminal Gestral Beach platforming sections.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I respect Phil's opinion, but not Robin's, and will be challenging him to single combat over it. The criminally terrible nature of the minigames is half of the point. All JRPGs need an optional, awfully-designed activity, like FF7 Remake's squatting section. Just be glad we didn't see Gustave drop it low.81. Blue PrinceReleased: April 10, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 221.97 (Image credit: Raw Fury)Chris Livingston, Senior Editor: I never would have guessed there'd be a fresh take on the now-ancient "walking around a mysterious house solving a bunch of puzzles" genre—but then Blue Prince became a nearly year-long obsession for me. Its roguelite elements can be occasionally frustrating, but the depth of the mansion's mysteries and the sheer brilliance of developer Tonda Ros' puzzle designs made this one of my favorite games of the past, I dunno, decade?Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Like a fool, I went into Blue Prince expecting a short, breezy 10-or-so-hour puzzler that I could lose myself in between playing larger games. But then it just… keeps going, each mystery hinting at something deeper than I ever expected. If I have one criticism of Blue Prince it's that, at the end of my 77 hours with the game, its late-late-late-late game puzzles became so obtuse that they wore out my patience. If I have a second criticism, it's that the Gallery room is some spectacular bullshit. Everything else, though? Flawless. A perfectly executed mystery box that keeps unfolding in fascinating ways, with an ambience that drives you forward into its surprising twists and heartfelt story.#80-7180. StellarisReleased: May 9, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 222.00 (Image credit: Paradox)Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Though recent DLC and support has been uneven at best, this nearly 10 year old 4X remains a wonderfully rich and dense simulation of a whole galaxy's worth of life, culture, and inevitably war. At this point in its life, it has almost every sci-fi trope you can imagine covered, playing out like a grand and remarkably coherent mash-up of every space sci-fi series in the universe.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Yeah, that's absolutely the appeal, here. Sure, it's a great real-time 4X, but there are loads of great 4Xs—Stellaris is special because it's like 20 great sci-fi games rolled into one. And it's elevated even further by the incredible mods, like Star Trek: New Horizons, an absurdly huge Star Trek mod that lets you take control of a species from the show, leading them from their first warp-flight adventures to galactic conquest. Stellaris is effectively the best Star Trek game ever made.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I am a sentient communist rock on a quest to dominate the galaxy. Also, Stellaris is good.79. Cult of the LambReleased: August 11, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 222.00 (Image credit: Devolver Digital)Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: Cult of the Lamb is one of those games you expect to keep you entertained for a couple of hours, but quickly becomes an all consuming entity that perfectly blends cult management and heretic slaying roguelike mechanics. There is nothing better than running your own little cult full of woodland creatures who praise the very ground you walk on.Elie Gould, News Writer: This game makes me go non-verbal for hours, would recommend.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: Since the first time I saw The Wicker Man I've wanted to be in charge of my own pagan settlement like Lord Summerisle. Cult of the Lamb comes closest to that, only instead of Chrisopher Lee at his peak I'm an adorable sheep.Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: There's such a magic to the way Cult of the Lamb mashes its two genres together. In some ways, both halves are quite shallow, and by the time I was done with my original run, I left the game feeling like I'd enjoyed my time with it but there wasn't enough depth to ever bring me back. A few months later, I had to jump back in just to check out one of the updates for a news piece… and before I knew it, I was completely hooked all over again, throwing myself at all the new post-game content.It's the absolute definition of a game that's more than just the sum of its parts—the way village life and dungeon runs feed into each other makes for one of the best videogame hooks ever.78. Total War: Warhammer 3Released: February 17, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 222.00 (Image credit: Sega)Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: The joy of early Total War games was the zoom. Order a block of soldiers around, then scroll the mousewheel and watch individual soldiers charge – mindblowing 25 years ago. Warhammer gives us back that joyous spectacle, because when you zoom in it's no longer dudes with spears, it's a bear-rider slamming into hot pink daemons.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: After 620 hours (not to mention 2,000 hours with the first and second), I still find myself loading up Total War: Warhammer 3 and hopping into Immortal Empires. The joy of Total War is that every campaign is different; new early game challenges, late-game obstacles, random factions in ascendancy—it lends itself so well to repeat play. This is also helped by Creative Assembly's continued support through DLC, but also via free updates and reworks that add entirely new features, such as Unusual Locations, or the Dwarf Deeps we got last year.Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: I've never been able to get on board with Total War. Something about the way combat works is just anathema to me—I can never quite find the fun in it. And yet I've spent hours and hours bashing my head against it in the Total War: Warhammer games, and even bought DLCs I'll probably never be brave enough to try.I can't help myself—it's the pure authenticity of the series to the lore and history of Warhammer Fantasy that keeps me coming back despite my ineptitude. It's an absolute feast of nostalgia for a longtime fan like myself, bringing in elements from across the decades. Not only does it now include every proper faction the tabletop game had, it dives into wonderful obscurity, resurrecting unit and army ideas from one-off campaigns, hazily remembered White Dwarf articles and even stranger sources.There are Warhammer games I prefer to play, but I don't think any of them can beat Total War: Warhammer for sheer density of reverence to the franchise.77. What Remains of Edith FinchReleased: April 25, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 222.00 (Image credit: Annapurna Interactive)Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: What Remains of Edith Finch arrived towards the end of the walking sim craze that swept the 2010s indie scene, but it is, for me, the pinnacle of that movement. In telling the titular character's poignant family story, it is one of the most imaginative, creative, thoughtful, heartfelt and truly unpredictable adventures you'll ever play.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I reviewed What Remains of Edith Finch for PC Gamer back in 2017 and I absolutely stand by its 91% score. Just thinking about it now, all these years later, I still feel that knot in my gut: Such a brilliant yet powerfully sad story, made all the more sorrowful by its inevitability. Calling it a "walking simulator" is accurate but woefully inadequate. It is, as I said back then, a masterful piece of storytelling: Uplifting, devastating, and utterly unforgettable.76. Alien: IsolationReleased: October 6, 2014 | Top 100 Score: 222.32 (Image credit: Sega)Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: The best licensed game ever? Alien: Isolation is one of those rare examples of a game that truly 'gets' the source material, and its setting of Sevastopol is a brilliant slice of retro-futurist design that takes all its cues from the Nostromo while still feeling like its own place. Probably the single best piece of Alien media outside of the first two films, and also just straight-up one of the scariest things I've ever played.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: You're 100% right when you say it 'gets' the source material, Rich. I remember interviewing the Creative Director, Alistair Hope, about working on the game, and it was immediately obvious both him and the team were just massive Alien fans who'd essentially pushed and lobbied to get this made at Creative Assembly. It's still strange to think that the foremost British strategy developer made such an excellent survival horror game, but it shows what you can do when you respect and love the source material.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: No game ever had a better save mechanic. Saving your progress in Alien: Isolation means running up to a dreadfully exposed and wonderfully lit public phone and standing there like a lemon while you wait for the machine to stop beeping at you. It's a fantastic exercise in suspense: craning your head from side to side but unable to look behind you as you pray the xenomorph won't turn you into lunch while you're distracted. Perfection.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: It took a full decade for me to finish this game because I had to keep checking out. I'm a big ol' coward. But I kept coming back! I couldn't help myself. Alien is the pinnacle of sci-fi horror, and Alien: Isolation is the game that captures its horrible magic the best.75. Monster Hunter: WorldReleased: August 8, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 223.13 (Image credit: Capcom)Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Oof, it hurts to put World here over 2025's Wilds, but the newer game's sublime monster-killing action can't overcome its flaws: PC performance, lacking challenge, and promising environment systems it does practically nothing with.Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: While Wilds is in desperate need of a redemption arc it may never get, World is a complete package.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: If I were stranded on a monster-infested island, this is the Monster Hunter I'd take with me.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: I mean, I'd probably just take my Insect Glaive… a copy of Monster Hunter World ain't going to do much when you throw it at that hungry Tigrex lumbering towards you.74. Cyberpunk 2077Released: December 10, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 218.57, promoted by Ted Litchfield (Image credit: CS Projekt)Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Sorry haters, I didn't need a Netflix anime or balance patch to realize a simple truth in December 2020: Cyberpunk was always good. Sure, its many patches really made it sing, but I took the long view from the start: Many all-timer RPGs (some further down this list) were overambitious, uneven, and technically quite shit at launch. CD Projekt, you watch the streets, Troika will watch the skies.Night City is a triumph, a union of graphical grunt and art direction that has 2077 remaining a benchmarker's favorite. Cyberpunk's main quest is better plotted and paced than The Witcher 3's, while it continues CDPR's industry-leading standard of quality and quantity for side content. The sidequest centering on a VR recreation of Christ's Passion made out of an actual snuff film is pure Philip K. Dickian sci-fi excellence, and one of my very favorite quests in RPG history.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Unlike our true believer Ted here, I had the fortune of coming to Cyberpunk 2077 late—and while I'm willing to take his word for it that the game endured a harsher reception than was strictly deserved, I'm kinda glad I waited. The game I wound up playing was incredibly put together and, best of all, my car didn't explode at random intervals. Phantom Liberty is also a masterclass in DLC, somehow managing to patch itself into the central nervous system of Night City without ruining anything.Regardless of its jank history, Cyberpunk 2077 has been forged into an all-timer RPG that's deservedly up there with the greats. Also, in the grim corporate future, you can go Cool/Reflex and wavedash your enemies to death.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Like Harvey, I waited nearly four years before jumping into Cyberpunk 2077, and as far as I'm concerned it was the best thing I could've done. The game I played was brilliant: Occasionally hinky, as such massive undertakings inevitably are, but solid, steady, and alive in a way that precious few games are. The city is largely an illusion, yes, but the sensation of depth is so well done—I fast-travelled once to see what it was like, but otherwise I drove everywhere, or often just walked so I could more easily take it all in. Yeah, the future is godawful by every measure, but I could not get enough of it.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I just love Johnny Silverhand, is the thing. He's a prick, an egotist, a selfish asshole, and my bestest pal in the whole world. Getting to know the guy—who never stops being a dickhead, but who has a lot of depth nonetheless—was my favourite part of the whole Cyberpunk 2077 experience.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Neither here nor there as far as 2077 goes, but this is the one thing that gives me pause about Cyberpunk 2. How do you possibly pull it off without Johnny?73. FTL: Faster Than LightReleased: September 14, 2012 | Top 100 Score: 223.41 (Image credit: Subset Games)Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Call it nostalgia, but FTL is still one of the first roguelikes I'd recommend to friends. Its Star Trek trappings compliment its narrative pit stops perfectly, and I've yet to play a game since that weaponizes door controls.Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: I'm surprised to see it make our list. I think countless roguelikes have made meals out of its ingredients that leave FTL looking like the primordial soup of modern roguelikes.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Few of the roguelikes that came after it nailed the fundamentals so effortlessly, though. So many of these games are described as "FTL but…" when all we really need is good old fashioned FTL. There's a reason why, all these years later, it's still inspiring studios and comparisons.Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Playing the more recent (also great!) Cobalt Core reinforced for me that FTL nailed the essentials; there's so much room for panic, disaster, triage, and triumph in the moments you're micromanaging your crew.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: FTL, a game that can be summed up as: Space hates you. Space hates you so much.72. Vampire SurvivorsReleased: October 20, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 223.57 (Image credit: poncle)Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: I'm a certain kind of sucker, and that kind is "put Castlevania stuff in a game and I'll play it." Vampire Survivors pioneered a certain type of breezy time wasting, but after becoming a smash success it began stacking on secrets, characters, and just more more more. It's generous in a way I haven't seen since Terraria. Still, it took the Castlevania expansion to make me fall in love.It offers structure Vampire Survivors lacked, with a castle to progress through and a huge cast of heroes to unlock by defeating a lore-appropriate boss or upgrading a key weapon, like a grenade into a rocket launcher. (After centuries of Belmonts failing to off Dracula with whips, 21st century teen Soma Cruz got serious). Call it Unlocking Fun Toys: The Game.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Just a lethal, time-devouring videogame. You know the phantom cigar Venom Snake gets in MGS5? It's that. Fire it up on a flight and before you've looked up from the OLED glow of your Steam Deck you're at passport control.71. Alan Wake 2Released: October 27, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 224.42 (Image credit: Remedy)Elie Gould, News Writer: A truly horrifying experience that somehow makes me feel impressed and grateful for all the wonderful quirky monstrosities as they scare the living daylight out of me.Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: When Elie recommends you play a horror game, it's always a good move to listen. No one knows horror like them, and Alan Wake 2 was one of the games that they simply couldn't (and still can't) stop talking about. Having now put myself through the terrors, I completely understand why.Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Alan Wake 2 feels like Remedy's quirky, distinctive style at its most unrestrained. Weirdness, melodrama, and highly specific Nordic references abound, packed into a story layered across different mediums woven seamlessly together. From novel pages to radio excerpts to TV ads to a sprawling FBI pinboard to an entire Finnish horror movie, there's so much to explore and experience in the game—all of it contributing to making Alan Wake's world feel expansive and lived-in.#70-6170. Splinter Cell: Chaos TheoryReleased: March 29, 2005 | Top 100 Score: 224.57 (Image credit: Ubisoft)Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Our staff tends to skew toward the Looking Glass lineage of stealth games, but Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is the sneak-em-up I keep installed for a rainy day. The controls are a bit weird now, but Chaos Theory is still unmatched in terms of pure sneaking. Sam Fisher's dynamic crouching animations build tension when approaching guards, and Michael Ironside's commanding performance is still a treat.But really, it's the levels that make Chaos Theory an amazing replay to this day. The cargo ship, the bank, Hokkaido—Ubisoft just nailed it on the third go-around. What stands out about Chaos Theory now, and why I still consider it "fresh" compared to today's stealth genre, is its tight, linear encounter design that offers multiple solutions without giving so much freedom that challenge is optional (the Far Cry and MGSV approach).Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Morgan's nailed it. I'm a sucker for a ship level, and Chaos Theory's cargo ship stands at the pinnacle of the trope.69. Grand Theft Auto 5 EnhancedReleased: September 17, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 224.73 (Image credit: Rockstar)Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: It may be 12 years old, but Grand Theft Auto 5 is the best open-world crime simulator out there today. Driven in part by the success of its now standalone offshoot GTA Online, GTA 5 has shown remarkable staying power—with its Legacy and Enhanced editions both staples at the higher end of Steam's most played charts week-to-week. GTA 6 is coming, but, right now, GTA 5 still ain't going anywhere.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I'm almost annoyed at how compelling GTA Online can be, because it's an absolute mess of a thing—one of the most unintuitive online experiences around. The fantasy of it far outstrips what Rockstar actually delivered back in the early 2010's, but there's nothing else like it even today. At its best, it's an effortless story generator—a frequently hilarious way to spend time with friends. Just be prepared to also have to deal with it at its worst.68. Resident Evil 2 (Remake)Released: January 25, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 224.73 (Image credit: Capcom)Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: Survival horror has made some phenomenal strides in recent years, with a deluge of old-school remakes reimagining a golden era of the genre for newer audiences. The Resident Evil 2 remake is pretty much responsible for that, taking us back in time with Leon Kennedy and Claire Redfield as they fight to survive Raccoon City's zombie apocalypse. Shinier and scarier, the RE2 remake is the quintessential retelling of a classic.Elie Gould, News Writer: Is this the scariest Resident Evil? No. Is it the wackiest? Also no. But it does manage to straddle the two in a way that somehow makes it the most Evil Resident of them all.67. Deep Rock GalacticReleased: May 13, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 225.00 (Image credit: Coffee Stain)Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: DRG's popularity isn't just enduring, it's wonderfully enthusiastic—no other online multiplayer community is anywhere near as relentlessly positive. And I really think that's a reflection of the kind of game DRG is.It's not just about coordinated violence, it's about true cooperation—working together to creatively solve tricky problems. And thanks to some of the best deployed procedural generation in the industry, those problems are ever-fresh, as you discover unique and endlessly surprising environments with your fellow dwarves.Meanwhile, the atmosphere of blue collar camaraderie and the entirely uncynical progression system wonderfully foster a sense of genuine dwarven pride. Rock and stone, to the bone.Rory Norris, Guides Writer: Did I hear a rock and stone?66. Mass Effect Legendary EditionReleased: May 14, 2021 | Top 100 Score: 225.16 (Image credit: EA)Robert Jones, Print Editor: The fact that this remastered trilogy is frequently going for five bucks on Steam is just ridiculous, as it delivers the definitive way to play the entire Mass Effect trilogy, which remains buckets of fun today in 2025. Yes, sure, the quite clunky third-person cover shooting now feels a little dated, and the whole Paragon/Renegade morality system childishly simple, but the world, characters and writing remain great reasons to board the Normandy.Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: The military conspiracy plot is a bit more Call of Duty than I would've admitted back in the day, but the Mass Effect trilogy is still the most I've felt like the Picard of a little spaceship, getting to know a quirky and loveable crew of humans and aliens in a way that isn't hurried or couched in irony.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: We're PC Gamer, and this is our 66th favourite videogame on the Citadel.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: These are some of my favorite games of all time, but it's still insane that they let you punch a reporter and a ton of gamers took it as an epic win moment. Khalisah Bint Sinan al-Jilani was right. They let a deep state black ops killer just go nuts across the galaxy with no oversight. Commander Shepard should have been dishonorably discharged for punching her, relegated to hosting an operator space podcast where he hawked N7-themed coffee and nootropics.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Ted… I've had enough of your disingenuous assertions.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Shepard should've been discharged for banging a subordinate, Ted. I don't think the Systems Alliance is real big on the whole "rules" thing.65. Counter-Strike 2Released: August 21, 2012 | Top 100 Score: 225.40 (Image credit: Valve)Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: Counter-Strike 2 is a very Valve game. It's billed as the first true sequel in series history, but it's really more about being the definitive version of the same competitive shooter we've been playing for decades, with the focus on improvements to things like smoke physics, UI and contemporary quality-of-life features. In a field packed with would-be rivals, there's a reason CS2 attracts 30 million players a month: It's still as brilliant as ever.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: It's the spot to go to get screamed at by Russian teenagers.Elie Gould, News Writer: Amidst all the big glossy visual upgrades CS2 still manages to not be optimised very well, but hey, did you see how bullets pierce smoke? That's pretty cool. But I'll take just about anything at this point, I couldn't get Valorant or Overwatch 2 onto the top 100, but at least there's CS2.64. Diablo 2 Released: June 28, 2000 | Top 100 Score: 225.55 (Image credit: Blizzard)Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: I'm still not convinced that this genre is better with flashier lighting effects, non-stop rebalancing patches, and battle passes. The Diablo 2: Resurrected remaster is excellent if you want a more modern (but not too modern) way to play through a classic ARPG adventure that came out before hell had to be experienced through a film of live service cruft.Jake Tucker, PC Gaming Show Editorial Director: Diablo 2 Resurrected made basically no changes and proved good design is eternal. Later Diablo titles always have a "but" in there somewhere, but Diablo 2 is astonishingly fun, letting you steamroll entire dungeons for the sweet, sweet loot within.63. Garry's ModReleased: November 29, 2006 | Top 100 Score: 225.82 (Image credit: Valve)Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I used to spend long hours surfing Garry's Mod's server browser, just to see what strange, esoteric game modes I could find—like a hyperspecific Quantum Leap themed entirely around Half-Life 2 assets and late-'00s internet humour. Maybe this time I'm a watermelon, racing other watermelons across an abstract obstacle course suspended in the air. Next time it could be anything—RP, bunnyhop platforming, zombie horde shooting, whatever the server owner had cobbled together.Elie Gould, News Writer: I went to dinner with some mates the other day, and it quickly just devolved into us talking about how much we miss playing Trouble in Terrorist Town, even if no one in the group can lie to save their life. Gary's Mod had so many gems, many of which play an influential role in tons of games to this day.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I'm very, very glad Elie's mentioned the good ol' TTT—because I feel everybody forgets that games like Among Us had their roots there. Kids these days don't know their history.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: When I was 14 years old, I had to get my first colonoscopy for ulcerative colitis and spent the entire day before chugging laxative mixed with Gatorade, pooping my goddamn brains out until my entire body was emptied of refuse and sin.I spent that day playing a custom Garry's Mod racing game where you launched a watermelon and bounced around with Source physics, potentially breaking apart if you crashed into a surface too hard. For some reason, this is now a crystalized, fond memory for me. 10/10 one of the Games of All Time.62. Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 2Released: December 6, 2004 | Top 100 Score: 226.00 (Image credit: LucasArts)Robert Jones, Print Editor: Still, twenty years later, the most interesting Star Wars game ever made, as well as a fantastic (albeit unfinished) RPG. Some of the characters, but notably Kreia, are GOAT territory, and they're brought to life by mature and challenging writing that takes the Star Wars universe into areas no other Star Wars game, TV show, or film has done. Hey Disney, can we have more Star Wars stories like this, please?Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Most of Star Wars is playing checkers while KotOR 2 was beating Deep Blue at chess. Star Wars is a beloved setting with history, politics, and economics that make no sense, but The Sith Lords took it extremely seriously, following its ideas to their logical conclusions, and the result is the best Star Wars story ever.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Sara Kestelman's performance as Kreia is perfect, and KOTOR 2 would be severely diminished without her. It's an all-timer act made all the more impressive by the fact Kestelman isn't a videogame voice actor—this is one of only two games she ever featured in, and she spent the rest of her life on the stage. And yet, she turned in one of the most iconic performances ever as everyone's favourite objectivist space grandma.61. Yakuza 0Released: August 1, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 226.20 (Image credit: Sega)Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: If somebody walks in at the wrong time they can get the wrong idea about a game. To my girlfriend, Yakuza 0 is that game where you help weirdoes like the wimpy rock band who want to be tough. Only she's right. I've heard "real fans" care about the plot and the oddball substories aren't a big deal. Real fans can get lost: Yakuza 0 is about helping a kid buy a spank mag.Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Wait, I thought Yakuza 0 was a Scalextric simulator?Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: Guys stop, Yakuza 0 is a cabaret club management sim.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: One of my only saved screenshots on Steam is a picture of my real estate manager—a chicken called Nugget—engaged in a 'money battle' with someone named 'the Pleasure King' for dominance of an establishment called the 'No-Panties BBQ'. Yakuza 0 is a story about organised crime.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I'd point out that its main story is genuinely the highpoint of the series, extracting serious melodrama and pathos out of its inciting battle over a small plot of abandoned Tokyo turf. But who am I to stand in the way of the memes?#60-5160. Arma 3Released: September 12, 2013 | Top 100 Score: 226.61 (Image credit: Bohemia Interactive)Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: Few games are as crunchy as Arma 3, and that's probably a good thing. Twist your fingers around the unforgiving interface and put up with the woeful performance, however, and you'll find the milsim to end all milsims. It's the best "hike for two hours before being shot in a bush" simulator on the market, and at least one of those should make this list, right?Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: Low-key an outstanding hangout game with lots of downtime and goofing off. Still one of the biggest banner-carriers for modding and user-generated content on PC.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Seriously, though, don't sleep on the depth of Arma 3's Steam Workshop page. If you're looking for a recommendation, I have lost many an hour to Pilgrimage, a singleplayer scenario that tasks you with retrieving the body of your deceased brother from one of the many churches found across Altis's enormous map. Think of it like an orienteering RPG—you help civilians and interrogate soldiers in order to gain clues that help you narrow down your initially overwhelming needle-in-a-haystack search.59. SatisfactoryReleased: September 10, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 227.14 (Image credit: Coffee Stain)Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Satisfactory is a building game about optimization in the same way that eating is about ingesting calories. You could take the most boring path to efficiency, but wouldn't you rather spend weeks designing a series of artfully suspended conveyor belts that deliver pizzas straight into your mouth? Why live off chicken and broccoli when you could build a tower taller than god whose only purpose is producing the exact number of ingredients needed to assemble one perfect al pastor burrito every 15 seconds?…It's possible this metaphor has gone way off track. But that's what Satisfactory is all about really: devoting hours to silly, elaborate, or mathematically precise constructs in whatever form you find creatively nourishing. Harnessing a huge open world sandbox of resources to graduate from making iron bars up to non-fusile uranium sometimes first requires building an elevated train network from one corner of the planet to the other, y'know?Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: On my journey to exploring efficient factory design, I used the Satisfactory Tools site's calculator to create a deranged nightmare spaghetti hell of industry that outputs 2.819 rotors and 0.598 assemblers per minute. I keep it around purely to irritate the sort of player who would have an aneurism at that sort of behaviour.58. Stalker: Call of Prypiat – Enhanced EditionReleased: May 20, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 227.17 (Image credit: GSC Game World)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Some of us want to be the heroes of grand, sweeping fantasy narratives. Others want to be shot to death for a tin of Spam in a world that doesn't care about you. Call of Prypiat's ever-lovable, ever-janky Zone is the home of the latter camp, at least while GSC finishes cooking its last run of patches for Stalker 2.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: One of my many, many dirty gamer secrets is that I can't really differentiate between the games of the original Stalker series. Who's to say what really happened in any of them? But Joshua is absolutely correct: The vibe of the place, and its absolute willingness to kill you at any time, is unsurpassed. I loved just being there: The purpose of my presence was almost irrelevant.57. Nier: AutomataReleased: March 17, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 227.60 (Image credit: Square Enix)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Listen, I think we've all probably hopped on the 'haha, game with sexy androids' train when it comes to Nier: Automata. Behind that gentle mockery, though, is the understanding that Yoko Taro made one of the most effective, haunting, and unique action RPGs out there. And that you can do that while still having sexy androids—these aren't mutually exclusive ideas.Its freshness score is only so low, in my mind, because it shifted the landscape in ways we're all a bit tired of. Its imitators might be able to replicate the hot robot people, but they're seldom able to duplicate the deep, existential dread the game heaps upon you. It also exists in the Kojima-brand tradition of "there ain't no rules saying a game has to move in a straight line"—taking some truly big swings as to what you can get away with when designing a videogame.Also, its soundtrack is one of the best in the business. Look me in the eye and tell me that Possessed by Disease isn't a banger, I double-dare you.56. System Shock 2: 25th Anniversary RemasterReleased: June 26, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 228.00 (Image credit: Nightdive Studios)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Sorry to JC Denton, but System Shock 2 is my favourite imsim of all time. Its pitch-perfect horror, innumerable secrets, endless character builds, and absolutely unhinged techno soundtrack combine to produce a game I'll never stop coming back to as long as I live, especially with Nightdive's fantastic remaster that finally hit this year.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I love this game to bits, particularly the Nightdive Remaster, but I've got to dissent on which System Shock we put on the list this year: I think the best place for a new player to start in the series is Nightdive's 2023 full remake of System Shock 1, which is also my gold standard for a videogame remake.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Long story short, System Shock 2 is the game that cemented my love for videogames. I have no idea what prompted me to buy it—probably just the nifty box—but I was hooked immediately. Joshua is correct across the board but I also have to shout out the audio effects: The voices of Shodan and Xerxes, the screams of mutant monkeys in empty halls, the lonely warbling of cyborg assassins, and even the background beeping of computer systems are pitch-perfect and unforgettable. When I see System Shock 2, I hear System Shock 2.55. The Case of the Golden IdolReleased: October 13, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 228.00 (Image credit: Playstack)Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Wonderfully intricate detective puzzles unfold into a bizarre and fascinating narrative spanning decades of alternate history. Also, everyone has the most brilliantly ugly faces you've ever seen.Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: I know we sometimes play a game and think it would make a great movie (and we're almost always wrong) but I would absolutely love to see Color Gray Games' adventure turned into a book. The story—the complete story we slowly piece together while solving bizarre murders—would be perfect for a sprawling, gritty, gruesome novel about a mysterious item that inspires brutality and backstabbery among any who possess it.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I played purely because it kept cropping up in the Top 100, despite everything about its screenshots suggesting it would not be my thing. I'm glad I did, because it's a pitch-perfect puzzler—a real triumph in staring long and hard at a scene, investigating all the hidden notes and clues, and just really figuring out what the hell is going on. It's incredibly satisfying to piece together and, while you're in the game itself, those grotesque dioramas have an intense charm and intrigue. It's a must play for mystery enjoyers.54. The Elder Scrolls 3: MorrowindReleased: May 2, 2002 | Top 100 Score: 228.14 (Image credit: Bethesda)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: The last time Bethesda felt like it had something to say. Morrowind is a (spice) melange of influences ranging from Dune to The Dark Crystal, filled with murky morality and strange politics and set in one of the few fantasy worlds that feel actually fantastical. Also you can get so hopped up on Dunmer drugs you can kill god with a single blow, which you can't do in Skyrim without several speciality mods.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Something really telling is that every Elder Scrolls game up through Oblivion basically had its own art style, and then Skyrim looked like a real callback to Morrowind in its race, armor, and weapon designs⁠—there's even the Dragonborn DLC that takes us back to Solstheim.When Virtuos then remade Oblivion, it skewed the art heavily toward Morrowind/Skyrim. I haven't even gotten into the lore of Morrowind, which is equally foundational to the series, but Morrowind defined how the Elder Scrolls looks.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: To me, Morrowind represents the last time Bethesda acted like it had something to prove, rather than something to lose. Bold, weird, dark, janky, and genuinely alien, Morrowind remains the best Elder Scrolls game ever made, and it's not even close.53. Papers, PleaseReleased: August 8, 2013 | Top 100 Score: 228.33 (Image credit: 3909)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Papers, Please is the only game I've ever played that makes you want to win so you can lose on purpose, later. It's a magic trick I've seen few games replicate since, and without nearly the same clarity of purpose.Yes, spot the difference games are interesting—but the real core of Papers, Please lies in how its bleak story gnaws at its central mechanics. The task of figuring out whether someone's paperwork is valid is almost entirely secondary to the question of 'what are you gonna do about it?'Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: I talked to creator Lucas Pope about how now this game feels, and he said, "You want your work to be relevant, but at the same time, wow, I really wish it was not that fucking relevant." If Papers, Please convinces even 0.1% of the people who play it that the global right-wing backlash against immigrants and asylum seekers is deeply wrong, it will be one of the most important videogames ever made.Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: Indeed, few games evoke the 'life imitating art vs art imitating life' dichotomy quite like Papers, Please, and that's terrifying unto itself—even more so 12 years on. But from a purely video game perspective, Lucas Pope's breakout hit is a super-intelligent, meticulous management sim that's equal parts thought-provoking and heartbreaking.52. Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege XReleased: December 1, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 228.43 (Image credit: Ubisoft)Morgan Park, Staff Writer: When Rainbow Six Siege launched disastrously in 2015, folks were understandably ready to write it off. But Ubisoft knew it had something genuinely unique on its hands, and ten years of updates later, Siege really has never been better.The Siege X update (bad name, Ubisoft, go back to the old one) took a big swing by adding Siege's first new primary mode since launch: Dual Front is a 6v6 twist on Siege where teams have to attack and defend at the same time. I never thought I'd be in favor of a Siege mode with respawns, but here we are.Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: The buggiest game that I play anyway. Its casual mode sits at just the right middle ground between competitive and chill to bring seasoned Counter-Strike players together with 'just let me play with gadgets' types. I still haven't played another multiplayer shooter that makes swinging through a window or smashing through a wall as fun.51. Dragon Age: OriginsReleased: November 3, 2009 | Top 100 Score: 228.60 (Image credit: EA)Robert Jones, Print Editor: A landmark fantasy RPG which, on release, laid the foundation for the genre for years to come. With funny and moving writing, an exquisite dark fantasy tone, GOAT characters like Witch of the Wilds, Morrigan, and full-fat RPG systems that let you play the game your way, Origins remains the best Dragon Age experience and a must-play for fantasy RPG fans. Without Origins, there is no Baldur's Gate 3.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Larian and Obsidian aside, they just don't make 'em like Origins, anymore. A crystallisation of BioWare's golden age of RPG design, Dragon Age doesn't let the fact its dark and gritty get in the way of heartwarming character development, a good joke (swooping is bad), or a charming party full of bickering idiots.In particular, Dragon Age understands something about dark fantasy that a lot of other games get wrong: Misery loves company. If you have a miserable game and/or setting, you need to have people in it worth fighting for to make things better. I'm glad Larian picked up the baton, but I'll always pay reverence to the OG RPG.Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: If anything, Origins should have an even higher importance score. This is the game that set a new bar for RPGs that BioWare itself struggled to clear thereafter. I don't think we'll ever get a Mass Effect-style remaster on this one and I won't claim it's aged well, but the characters here are the blueprint for the past 15 years of RPGs we've had since.#50-4150. Sid Meier's Alpha CentauriReleased: February 9, 1999 | Top 100 Score: 229.20 (Image credit: 2K Games)Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Forget Civ, folks, Alpha Centauri is still the best 4X Firaxis has ever made. The exceptional faction design, unusual setting and simmering sci-fi story have kept this a must-play for decades. Civ might have established the 4X playbook, but Alpha Centauri showed us what 4Xs could be with a bit of imagination—something bold and bizarre and brimming with character. Please play it—the drones need you.Few other studios have attempted to continue this mostly-dead evolutionary thread, with the exception of the brilliant Endless Legend and its early access sequel, which is sadly not on this list but absolutely deserves to be.49. Persona 5 RoyalReleased: October 21, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 229.27 (Image credit: Sega)Robert Jones, Print Editor: While I still hold Persona 3 to be the highlight of this series, there's no doubting that, objectively, Persona 5 Royal is the best version of Atlus' magical JRPG high school drama simulator to date. Royal boasts the most immersive world, slickest turn-based combat system, and cutest animal sidekick of the series to date.Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Atlus continues to milk the Phantom Thieves for all their worth, and for good reason: Persona 5 Royal is a top-notch JRPG with an excellent cast, banging soundtrack, and meticulously-designed dungeons that put it a step above its predecessors.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Persona 5 Royal is also the best 'routine' JRPG I've ever played. If you love that whole vibe of going to school, hanging out with friends in the city, working your part time job etc, then its academic year structure is perfect.48. Final Fantasy X/X-2 HD RemasterReleased: May 12, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 229.29 (Image credit: Square Enix)Andrea Shearon, Evergreen Writer: Truly the last Final Fantasy of its kind, FF10 and its sequel bookend an era of series greats that started with FF6 in the '90s and refused to slow down for decades. The remastered RPG lost some of the original art direction's charm, but Yuna's selfless pilgrimage is one of the best examples of Square Enix in its turn-based prime.Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: There's no other game quite like Final Fantasy 10. A gripping love story, my favourite iteration of turn-based combat, and immaculate vibes that span from the gorgeous Macalania Woods to the gruelling Thunder Plains.Its sequel is also brutally underrated, sporting a stellar job-based combat system and a more lighthearted story that perfectly compliments the more sinister undertones of its predecessor.47. Vampire: The Masquerade – BloodlinesReleased: November 16, 2004 | Top 100 Score: 229.85 (Image credit: Activision)Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I always try to sell Bloodlines to potential converts as a prototype New Vegas, translating the flexible RPG design of 2D Fallout to full 3D. But it also delivers an unforgettable atmosphere the likes of which we may never see again in games, wedding grungy noir, aughts raver culture, and gothic vampire fantasy.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: We're writing this before Bloodlines 2 comes out, so this isn't commentary on the sequel. We just really bloody love Bloodlines.Yes, sure, it does have too much combat in the back half, but you can easily trivialize that by spending some XP to improve your combat—and Bloodlines gives away XP like nobody's business so quit complaining.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Has any other game had a soundtrack as banging as Bloodlines? Killer tracks from top to bottom, all of them absolutely on point as an aural encapsulation of turn-of-the-millennium goth Los Angeles in idealized fantasy. And Rik Schaffer's score is every bit its equal: The man absolutely understood the assignment.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I fired this bad boy up again after my hands-on with Bloodlines 2 left me with a craving but, while I still love it, I think we've reached the point now where I probably wouldn't recommend it to new players unless they are into videogame archaeology. Even with mods and community patches, it's a rough, janky, ugly game that just doesn't feel pleasant to play in 2025. The caveats now outweigh the points in its favour. It will always be one of my faves, though, and if you have a high tolerance for rough, jagged edges then it might become one of yours.46. WildermythReleased: June 15, 2021 | Top 100 Score: 231.33 (Image credit: Worldwalker Games)Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Basically 'what if your XCOM runs were also procedurally-generated D&D campaigns?'. It's really remarkable how rich the stories Wildermyth's layered systems churn out are, as you travel across the map and fight tense turn-based battles. Characters grow, change, accomplish greatness, suffer hardship, and if they're lucky retire and have children who go on to have their own adventures. And sometimes somewhere in there they get turned into a frog-man.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: As Robin points out, in replicating the feel of a TTRPG campaign, Wildermyth understands that it isn't just about fantasy heroics—it's about how absolutely baffling the before/after picture of a character in your mind is. Because sometimes they are a frog, now.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: When recommending this, which I often do, I tend to avoid mentioning XCOM. It's got turn-based tactical combat, but it's not going to scratch an XCOM-shaped itch. Instead, this is a game for those of us obsessed with procedural storytelling and dramatic character development—the kind of folk who want to be able to cram a brilliant years-long D&D campaign into an afternoon. Few other games satiate this desire so well, and none so concisely.Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Wildermyth's real magic takes place across campaigns as your past characters are woven into new adventures as figures emerging from your own bespoke folk mythology. It's a game that understands how stories and characters aren't static: They evolve and change with each telling.45. StraftatReleased: October 24, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 232.00 (Image credit: Lemaitre Bros)Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: Slapstick Quake. Straftat is the world's only French 1v1 FPS that features cigarettes as cosmetic DLC, a brutalist playground that you bring variously clownish and exotically violent weapons into. There are an uncountable number of maps: some feel like Mario Party (an ice luge Möbius strip where you have to catch falling guns), others like a fighter jet duel. A generous July update added 1v1v1v1 and 2v2. The best free FPS on Steam.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Despite its rapid-fire format, STRAFTAT successfully mimics a relaxed multiplayer environment that we don't get much of anymore. It's a LAN party in a can—unserious, infinitely repeatable fun best enjoyed with friends who can talk trash but still appreciate a wild play.44. Into the BreachReleased: Februrary 27, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 232.80 (Image credit: Subset Games)Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: Our 2018 Game of the Year and the most replayable turn-based game on PC. Deploying teams of giant robots that move in different chess-piece patterns (appropriately, on an 8x8 grid), Into the Breach asks you to defend Earth's few remaining cities from waves of kaiju monsters. The game's achievement is the disproportionate amount of strategic thinking it draws out of the three humble units you control (my favorite is the Judo mech, which suplexes monsters over its head). On Unfair difficulty, every round is a set of life-or-death decisions against Deep Blue Mothra. Ben Prunty's soundtrack does heavy lifting to make its pixel art feel cinematic and somber.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Into the Breach's great trick is telling you exactly what your opponent is about to do—an insight into just how badly things will go unless you intervene. If you can't kill an enemy this turn, maybe you can use your mech squad's abilities to manipulate your foes in such a way that all their attacks miss and nothing is destroyed. That's the dream, but in practice it means a lot of hard choices about what you're prepared to sacrifice.43. The Stanley Parable: Ultra DeluxeReleased: April 27, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 232.92 (Image credit: Crows Crows Crows)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Harvey sat down to write a few dozen words about the Stanley Parable—but as he put his fingers to his keyboard, he realised it'd be a mighty task indeed to convey how its omnipresent narrator is one of the best running gags in all of videogames. He chose, instead, to write a pale imitation of him, as though it might liven his copy up a bit.Really, he should've mentioned that The Stanley Parable is almost singular in how much simple, unapologetic fun it has with its premise, sprinkled (as all good comedy is) with just a touch of existential dread.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Who the hell was that guy?42. Kerbal Space ProgramReleased: April 27, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 233.13 (Image credit: Private Division)Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Kerbal Space Program is the perfect distillation of two of my favourite things: space exploration and abject failure. It's a sandbox about building rockets—all complex physics and advanced mathematics—but from the perspective of silly, slapstick critters. The onus is always more on doing than thinking. Slapping together a bunch of parts, shooting your creation into space, and learning from the inevitable.There's a career mode if you want some direction for your tinkering, but for me the joy has always been striving for the next big milestone. Go to space, reach the nearest moon, land on the nearest moon, and so on. Maybe one day I'll even set my sights on the biggest challenge of all: Rescuing the many, many Kerbals that I've left stranded up in space.41. Hollow KnightReleased: February 24, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 233.45 (Image credit: Team Cherry)Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: I do wonder if the launch of Silksong will knock our high praise for Hollow Knight down a notch, but let's be real. Nothing will beat that initial feeling of being utterly lost in Hallownest. Or, if you're anything like me, the frustration of frequently failing to beat the Mantis Lords. Seriously, the amount of times I've had to step away from Hollow Knight before I break something needs to be studied. But, I still come back time and time again.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Team Cherry was brave enough to ask: Can you make Dark Souls and Metroid as cosy as a mug of hot chocolate, sipped by a rainy window? Turns out, yes.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Chiming in months after Harvey and Kara wrote their blurbs⁠—which were done before we even learned a release date⁠—and Silksong-mania has taken gaming by storm. Not the six year pre-release Silksong-mania. I'm talking everybody playing, loving, and complaining about the difficulty in this game.Silksong is a bigger and better sequel and a huge 2025 GOTY contender, but I think Hollow Knight still stands as the game a new player should check out first⁠—the memey joke is that Hollow Knight is the tutorial for its challenging sequel.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I can concur with Ted that Silksong is absolutely brutal. Nothing in Hollow Knight prepared me for Flea Dodge. If you're looking to check out Team Cherry's work, start here: It'll build up the callouses you need on your d-pad thumb for later.#40-3140. Pillars of Eternity 2: DeadfireReleased: May 8, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 234.00 (Image credit: Versus Evil)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Obsidian made the best CRPG of the last decade in 2018, and then no one played it. The sequel to (the excellent but dry) Pillars 1 swapped out the OG's Faerûn-style rolling green plains for Caribbean colonialism, putting you smack-bang in the middle of factions competing for the rights to control and exploit the Deadfire region and forcing you to decide which one you can tolerate most. Oh, and you're pursuing a resurrected god who's inhabited a 300-metre-tall statue that used to live beneath your house. That's also a problem, sure.Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: Having put far too many hours into this fantasy pirate simulator (whaddaya mean it's a regular CRPG with a salty skin?) feels like having played one of PC gaming's best kept secrets at this point. It's not perfect, but I'd personally rate it higher than the original. You can fight me in the nearest tavern, if you like.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: A well deserved place for Deadfire as one of only two games with the Cipher, one of my very favorite RPG classes. Think a weapon DPS rogue with psychic mind powers. Deadfire even adds a multiclassing option, letting you pair Cipher with Rogue, a "goated" combination, as the kids say.39. Hunt: Showdown 1896Released: August 27, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 234.32 (Image credit: Crytek)Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: What earns this horror-cowboy extraction shooter a recurring spot in the Top 100 is how extraordinarily organic its gunfights are. When you stumble on another team in one of Hunt's realistic, variegated forests, it feels truly spontaneous because you used your eyes and ears to find them, not UI. Hunt's audio tech is unmatched for fidelity, precise enough to let you land a blind shot through a wall after hearing an opponent's crouched footstep on the other side.I love the way its generally slow-firing, 1896 weaponset gives firefights rhythm and pacing, in contrast to the mag-dumping firehoses we wield in most other FPSes.38. Slay the SpireReleased: January 23, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 234.58 (Image credit: Mega Crit)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Listen. I know we're all sick of roguelike deckbuilders (I'm not) and that we're tired of diving in for one more run (couldn't be me)—but you have to give it up for Slay the Spire: A game so deliciously moreish that it kicked an entire genre into the stratosphere. If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then Slay the Spire is being flooded with smutty letters from every indie dev wanting to capture the same magic.You might also say it inspired a little too many deckbuilders, but I feel discourse of that ilk ignores what Slay the Spire does well. Which is to say, a lot—all of its classes interact in different, interesting ways with its relics, it's not unbearably hard, its encounters are cool and interesting (well, mostly—I loathe the Time Eater), and it's got some great end-game scaling in its Ascension levels.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: Every time I try another roguelike deckbuilder I reinstall Slay the Spire, and every time I realize I still like Slay the Spire more than whatever the new hotness is.Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: I've had the same experience as Jody. I do think Monster Train is cool, but the high from my first Slay the Spire infinite combo still hasn't fully worn off. The artwork deserves recognition: It looks like a game designed by a talented and unusually industrious child, which I mean entirely as a compliment. The characters and creatures give the impression that they were designed spontaneously, and the Spire has stuck in my head like a place visited in a dream.37. Hitman: World of Assassination Released: January 20, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 234.62 (Image credit: IO Interactive)Fraser Brown, Online Editor: A grand tour of exotic locations filled with terrible people waiting to be creatively murdered. I love it so much that I'm willing to wear a suit to work.Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: What I deeply love about modern Hitman is how smoothly it transforms you into a sicko. The signposted mission stories don't just serve up ideal assassination opportunities. They act as a survey course for later lethal experimentation: You might pass by more wrenches, chef's knives, body dumpsters, and conveniently unattended drinking glasses than you'll need at the moment, but they'll be part of your arsenal when you return for future murders.Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: Ever since Hitman, I've viewed the entire real world through a murder sandbox filter. Touring the Kentucky bourbon trail? Agent 47 would totally push someone into a giant fermentation tank. Trip to Disney World? Agent 47 would dress up as staff and sneak through the hidden back halls. Local water park? Oh heck yeah, Agent 47 would skip to the front of the giant slide line dressed like a lifeguard. I can't unsee the costume-based social engineering and stealth of it all.36. Max PayneReleased: July 25, 2001 | Top 100 Score: 235.00 (Image credit: Rockstar)Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: Remedy's classic third-person shooter is such a perfect crystallization of the turn-of-the-millennium action genre: The fixation on slow-motion and flying debris, the comic book influence (before everything credited comics), the sulky noir tone that you can't quite call parody, even if it is purposefully too much. Ragdolls went out of fashion too quickly, as did fight scenes in tile-walled subway stations and the sort of fourth-wall-breaking seen in The Matrix's distorted green WB logo and Max Payne's in-character quit screen messages ("I was afraid to go on").Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: What's made the original Max Payne age so well is that its fights aren't really fights—they're high speed combat puzzles. As you dive into each room, the goal is always to figure out how to clear it before you even hit the ground, living in those moments of perfect slow motion action.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: "The rain was coming down like all the angels in heaven had decided to take a piss at the same time" may be the single greatest line in videogame history. I still like to roll it out in conversation now and then.35. SpelunkyReleased: August 8, 2013 | Top 100 Score: 235.04 (Image credit: Mossmouth)Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: PC gaming's Mario. As you descend deeper into this excavatory platformer, Spelunky makes you feel perpetual precarity. The many randomly-arranged dangers along your path makes reaching its many secrets incredibly sweet. To gain entrance to the City of Gold, you have to find four Egyptian artifacts in painstaking fashion, then die and be resurrected on a specific level in order to discover the entrance. I put 376 hours into Spelunky 2.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I'm a sucker for any game where you occasionally have to pause the action and spend some time trying to work out what the hell just happened. What random confluence of events—what happenstance of consistent systemic interaction—caused the shopkeeper to be mad at me? Spelunky 2 is a game for the true sickos, as evidenced by Evan's playtime. For me it was too much. Spelunky's first outing hits the sweet spot—the perfect balance of challenge and chaos.34. HadesReleased: September 17, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 235.73 (Image credit: Supergiant Games)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: A game that's had an impact on roguelikes similar to Slay the Spire in terms of heft, Hades is basically the platonic ideal of what it is: An isometric action RPG with roguelike elements, polished to a mirror shine. A novel narrative structure, gorgeous artwork, charming voice acting, thoughtfully executed character work, and the unmatched tunes of Darren Korb. I don't know what Supergiant's feeding its composer, but he keeps getting stronger.Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Hades rules, but I think you should actually be playing Hades 2 right now—it's already bigger and more varied, and includes a grenade launcher that fires flaming demon skulls.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Wes, you forgot to mention the siren band that makes a diss track just for you.33. Portal 2Released: April 19, 2011 | Top 100 Score: 236.29 (Image credit: Valve)Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: I can understand why some prefer the purity of the first game, but Portal 2 just adds so many fantastic, creative ideas to the formula. Puzzles that push the absolute limits of thinking with portals, a genuinely hilarious story, and just so much more to see, do, and play with.Often overlooked is the multiplayer. For my money, it's one of the best co-op campaigns ever made—if you've never played it, you owe it to yourself to rope in a friend and give it a go. It is precision engineered to create 'A ha!' moments that are so joyful to discover with a partner, fully leveraging the wild potential of not just two portal guns, but the physical presence of two characters. I'll say no more, before I spoil some of the coolest puzzles you'll ever solve in your life.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Seconding Robin's recommendation for the co-op, though for an entirely different reason: Portal 2 is the perfect engine for slapstick comedy and momentum-based pranks. Maybe Robin has really nice friends flooded with the spirit of jolly co-operation, but everyone I've played Portal 2 with has never hesitated to fling me to my doom in a variety of creative ways. Maybe this says more about me.32. Return of the Obra DinnReleased: October 18, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 236.57 (Image credit: 3909)Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: A mystery game that is actually a mystery, and an environment so densely packed with secrets and discoveries that by the end you feel you've holidayed there. Well, if your holidays involve the unspeakable horrors of the sea. Nothing else looks or plays like Obra Dinn, and few games have the confidence to demand as much from players: I had to play with an actual notebook to help my puny brain.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: I feel like having to use a notebook is a pretty good sign when it comes to information games like these, Rich. As Lucas Pope said to me in a past interview: "I didn't actually know I was making a detective game until Obra Dinn was mostly done." Similar to Sam Barlow's Her Story, what makes Return of the Obra Dinn special is that it's an information sandbox—a detective game that doesn't get too bogged down in genre tropes, instead giving players an open experience where they can discover clues and formulate their own deductions.31. Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater – Master Collection VersionReleased: October 24, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 237.00 (Image credit: Konami)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Hideo Kojima at the height of his powers brings us the most personal story in the entire Metal Gear series. Big Boss' origin story is a mad tearjerker about soldiers caught between duty, survival, and a large man who shoots lightning from his fingertips—but it's the doomed relationship between Snake and his mentor, The Boss, that has us coming back to this one two decades later.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Probably the tightest story Kojima has ever crafted. I love MGS 5 for its open systemic freedom, but MGS 3 is the best overall package—a triumph from the moment-to-moment stealth, to the boss fights, to the Boss fight.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I'll say it, I'll be one of those guys: I hate how MGS3's remake, Delta, looks. The hype around it has only made me want to replay MGS3 on my Steam Deck, which I guess is one positive in Delta's favor. One of these days I'll build up to European Extreme, which remains the best name for a videogame difficulty ever conceived.#30-2130. Fallout: New VegasReleased: October 22, 2010 | Top 100 Score: 237.36 (Image credit: Bethesda)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Rockstar can model all the horse anatomy it wants to, but this is the best cowboy game ever made. The historical materialist storytelling that defines Obsidian got its start here with a story about a land on the periphery of two empires torn apart as they compete for the right to exploit it. That land is literally Las Vegas, too, which means you get to listen to a load of rat-pack music and play blackjack while you shoot Caesar's Legion centurions.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I have racked up 240 hours of New Vegas since 2010 and I have still never rolled credits on this game. It's just so expansive, and there are so many different types of Courier to be. Right now I've got a 50-hour unarmed character with one DLC down and half of the main quest to go, but when I think of returning I just want to make a cowboy sniper. I may find myself restarting New Vegas and getting halfway through every few years until I die, and maybe that's ok.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: "Play the guitar/Play it again, my Johnny..."Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Goddamn, I'm still so hyped that the Fallout TV series is headed to New Vegas.29. PentimentReleased: November 15, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 237.43 (Image credit: Xbox Game Studios)Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Pentiment is one of those rare adventure games that actually make you feel like an investigator—though not necessarily a very good one.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: It's something videogames can handle that other media would struggle with. You can only do "Sherlock doesn't know what the fuck is happening" on TV if you make it a comedy, but videogames can play that straight because the protagonist, in this case Andreas the illuminator, is actually just some gamer behind a keyboard.While Andreas is a Renaissance man in the literal sense—a man who lives in the Renaissance—he becomes a detective because he's a literate outsider rather than because he's some kind of crime genius. You're investigating murder in a 16th century village without preternatural powers of deduction, modern forensics, or a police badge, and you won't get everything right. You won't even know what you got wrong and will just have to send people off to be executed based on scraps of evidence and gap-filling guesswork. You're just a little man who looks like marginalia doing his best.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Perhaps the best praise I have for Pentiment is that it's the only game one of my smartest friends, a classicist and lawyer, could bother to make time for in the past few years.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I struggled to get into Pentiment, and it was only the insistence of a friend that kept me going through the first few hours. He also refused to say why he was so insistent about it, which at the time I thought was odd. At some point, though, it started to click, and when I "solved" my first crime—which was mostly just me sitting here yelling "No!" at my screen while something awful happened to a person I'm pretty sure didn't deserve it—I was hooked. What followed was one of the best and most wildly unpredictable game stories I've ever enjoyed.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I just want to say sorry to all the people I got executed for murders they super did not commit.28. Nine SolsReleased: May 29, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 237.60 (Image credit: RedCandleGames)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I finally got my coworkers to play this, and every one had the same reaction I did in 2024: 'How'd it take me so long?' Nine Sols is an entrant into the Sekiro-like genre that utterly flies off the screen. It's beautiful, tightly written, and somehow immaculately designed despite its developer mostly making horror games beforehand.What really impressed me, however, were the boss fights. I could take or leave the exploration—it's competent, but nothing revolutionary. However, Nine Sol's bosses are downright gorgeous from a mechanical standpoint, and its final battle is the only time I've ever felt inclined (or even come close) to attempting a no-hit run on a boss battle in one of these games. I liked it that much.There's also a great love letter to Hollow Knight's Mantis Lord boss fight in here that somehow ups both the spectacle and the complexity without getting overwhelming. It's a complete treat. Don't let this one pass you by.27. Helldivers 2Released: February 8, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 237.75 (Image credit: Playstation)Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Arrowhead Games leveraged physics simulation, orchestral bombast, hyperbolic sociopolitical satire, obsessive attention to ordnance audiovisuals, community-driven metafiction, award-worthy commitment to the bit, and 23 years of expertise in generating slapstick cooperative mayhem for the singular purpose of making it funny when you accidentally obliterate someone with an orbital bombardment. That's something we can all salute.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: The Helldivers 2 playerbase, which once named a city 'Gun', is a little unruly—and sometimes not even for terrible reasons. If you chart the course of Arrowhead's development of Helldivers 2, it's an up-and-down torment cycle that fluctuates between "we're so back" and "it's so over".For full transparency, we gave Helldivers 2 this score before its latest foibles and bugs with the Terminid homeworld, but I'd personally still rate it this highly again. If history is any indication, the game may very well be 'fixed' by the time this list goes online. Or it might be broken again, who's to say.But as Lincoln cleanly put it above, it's a flawed game that's worthy of the love—when it works, it's still one of the best co-op shooters you could spend your hard-earned Super Credits on.26. Deus ExReleased: June 23, 2000 | Top 100 Score: 250.00, demoted by Wes Fenlon (Image credit: Eidos Interactive)Jake Tucker, PC Gaming Show Editorial Director: Deus Ex endures because it gave players unprecedented freedom. Missions had multiple paths—stealth, hacking, brute force— and making choices between them felt meaningful. Its cyberpunk world was rich, conspiratorial, and eerily prescient. It's harder to play today, but the storytelling, mechanics, and deep player agency set a benchmark. Decades later, few games offer such ambition.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Maybe I'm just an old head stuck in the past, but I would truly rather replay Deus Ex than most recent games, even other immersive sims. Baldur's Gate 3 is the only other game I have ever played that has matched Deus Ex's combination of simulationist reactivity and written contingencies for even seemingly minor actions. Even as the game is regarded as a universal classic, I think Deus Ex's story and themes are significantly under-rated, and its ending choice remains one of the most difficult and thought provoking in gaming.Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Ted is an old head stuck in the past, but don't hold that against him. I had a great time with Deus Ex when I played it back in 2014, but even then some of its core interactions—like aiming, I don't know, literally anything—were clunky as hell. I don't know that it'll ever drop out of the Top 100, but I think it's a better immersive sim to experience as an archeological exercise after you've been totally sucked in by one of its descendants still to come further down the list.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Deus Ex feels like an artefact from a completely different era. Oh, no, not because its characters look like Lego people or because it's arduous to play (it's really not), but because it feels like its ambition was genuinely unbridled. If Deus Ex wants to give you 15 different ways to tackle one situation, that's what you're gonna get. If Deus Ex wants to engage you in a solemn reflection on the nature of power and democracy in the digital age, that's what it'll give you. If Deus Ex wants to pitch you on the benefits of market authoritarianism to see just how tightly you really cling to those liberal ideals you claim to uphold, an inexplicably Australian bartender will be along shortly to do just that.Where later Deus Exes (which I still love) feel hemmed in by the limits of corporate acceptability, DX1 feels like a game no one ever said 'no' to during development.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: You can kill Anna! You can save Paul! You can do all this other wild shit even though the game pretty explicitly tells you that you can't—except it's not the game, it's the characters in the game, and who died and made them king anyway? I actually think that the Deus Ex story might be a little overrated—I feel like the X-Files was hot and Ion Storm was just cramming in whatever conspiracy bullshit came to mind in the moment—but as a reactive, "have at it" game world, it's a work of genius. (And all that conspiracy bullshit is a lot of fun, too.)PS: Stay out of the ladies restroom.25. Dishonored 2Released: November 11, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 238.36 (Image credit: Bethesda)Robert Jones, Print Editor: Whisper it quietly, but Dishonored 2 is the best immersive sim ever made. The level of control and choice you have in this game to play it your way, and to experiment and get rewarded for your ingenuity, is top tier and takes its replayability to crazy levels. Dishonored 2 is exceptional for many other reasons, too, such as its beautifully realised world and characters, its jaw-dropping level design (A Crack in the Slab, anyone?), its slick and empowering combat, its mature themes and its engaging narrative that asks you the question: truly, how far would you go to get your revenge?Fraser Brown, Online Editor: It's not just the best immersive sim—it's one of the absolute GOATs, regardless of genre. There's no better level design. And the ways in which you navigate and interact with these incredible sets? Phwoar. It's simply bliss.Like so many of the greats, it wasn't truly appreciated in its time, but Arkane did get to make one more of them, Death of the Outsider, which is also superb. Death Loop is technically a Dishonored game too, set as it is in the same universe. But D2 still reigns supreme, and I hope Arkane's recent difficulties doesn't mean we'll never see its like again.24. Dark Souls RemasteredReleased: September 22, 2011 | Top 100 Score: 239.00 (Image credit: FromSoftware)Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: In 2011, FromSoft taught gamers that deliberate attack animations can be fun, and the world was forever changed—largely for the better, if you like parrying stuff. While there's a bit of Dark Souls in just about every third person action game now, it's worth revisiting to appreciate just how little FromSoft's design ethos has changed. The hitboxes have gotten a little tighter, but it's always had the same brooding heart.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: You never forget your first, and Dark Souls was my introduction to one of my favorite game studios. One thing that wasn't present in Demon's Souls that you see firmly fleshed out in Dark Souls is FromSoft's full commitment to the dodge and timing-based bosses it's known for.Demon's Souls has a surprising number of gimmick and puzzle boss fights, while in Dark Souls, the emphasis is firmly on combat mastery: You have your weapon, dodge roll, and maybe a shield, and those are all you need to defeat almost every boss in the game, something that flummoxed me at first when my closest touchstone was the puzzles and weak points of the Zelda series. One notable exception: The Bed of Chaos, a series-low puzzle boss that truly beggars belief with its trial and error design.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: The original Dark Souls was the first game to ever inform me that difficulty can, in fact, be fun—and I've never recovered. I am one of those insufferable "git gud" guys. I recently rocked up to our poor guide writer, Sean Martin, to talk about how I found a Silksong boss to be incredibly easy, only to discover that years of hard-earned muscle memory had kicked in and made me triumph way ahead of schedule.This is where it all started. FromSoftware has all my love, and also a hell of a lot to answer for. Also, I agree with Ted, the Bed of Chaos is goddamn terrible.23. UndertaleReleased: September 15, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 239.40 (Image credit: tobyfox)Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: One of those games that never ages—making you feel the same way you did the first time you played, no matter how many years have passed. The soundtrack, characters, and story as a whole stick with you from the very moment you get your first taste of Butterscotch Pie and beyond. Somehow, everyone I know who's played Undertale has somehow perfectly timed it with a time they needed some serious comfort, which is exactly what it offers. If you're ever in need of a good emotional outlet, Undertale always has your back.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: An underrated aspect of Undertale is its combat, or ideally lack thereof. I love that you can commit to meeting a character's anger with kindness, even if that means taking a beating.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I replayed Undertale over and over in 2016, unlocking (nearly) every ending shortly after it came out, but I've never really gone back since. It's still worth it, though, cutting through a decade's strata of calcified memes and discourse to uncover the smart, surprising, heartfelt RPG underneath.The only ending I haven't gotten is the darkest timeline playthrough where you kill every living thing in the game, spitting in the face of warmth and humor to become something worse than the antagonist. The stain even persists on subsequent playthroughs, adding a sinister twist if you try for the best ending afterwards. This undercurrent of something sinister, the potential for a truly horrific outcome, lends the golden ending some true dramatic weight though, preventing it from becoming overly saccharine. Avoiding the bad ending does mean I've missed a truly all-timer boss fight (monster spoilers in that link).22. Divinity: Original Sin 2Released: September 14, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 239.67 (Image credit: Larian Studios)Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I'm glad Original Sin 2 is still on the list, even with its younger sibling ranked higher up⁠—it's not just the game you play after Baldur's Gate 3 if you want more Larian. Much as I love The Forgotten Realms and D&D, Larian's own worldbuilding and bespoke mechanics are something special.The studio gleefully spits on continuity, spinning a yarn that directly contradicts the events of past Divinities, but who cares, nerd? The combat's focus on stripping enemy defenses while maintaining your own is like no other RPG I've played, and I hope Larian revisits the concept with fresh eyes and hard-won knowledge soon™.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: I have 80.6 hours in Divinity 2, and at least 70 of those were spent running Fort Joy across six abandoned playthroughs. I have a soft spot for Divinity 2's chaotic combat where the floor is always lava, but I just keep running out of gas.21. Planescape: TormentReleased: December 10, 1999 | Top 100 Score: 240.75 (Image credit: Interplay)Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Disco Elysium may be the gold standard for this type of RPG⁠—I want to make "Talking Simulator" a thing⁠—but its inspiration still has the juice. I'm in it for the little moments in this story of an amnesiac immortal, like paying your past self's bar tab to get the eyeball he left as collateral, then gruesomely gouging out your current eye to plop in the old one, unlocking buried memories.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Planescape: Torment lets you kill yourself to win an argument, which makes it some kind of patron saint to internet commenters everywhere and also one of the best games of all time.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: As an unrepentant boss fight hater, I will never pass up the opportunity to point out that Planescape: Torment is the one game that lets you talk things out, and thus it is objectively the best boss fight ever.#20-1120. MinecraftReleased: November 18, 2011 | Top 100 Score: 241.04 (Image credit: Microsoft)Elie Gould, News Writer: We joke about how the children yearn for the mines, but I still can't get over how Minecraft managed to make a mundane act of hitting rocks so much fun that it's still going strong over a decade later. As the dedicated rock smasher on any server I'm in, I approve this message.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: This is your annual reminder that a Minecraft server with friends (and mods!) is one of the great PC gaming experiences.Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: A timeless classic. Dress it up with mods or shaders, or still have a cracking time with a vanilla build. Like Morgan says, there's nothing quite like starting a brand-new Minecraft server with your pals before someone inevitably accidentally burns your entire settlement down with a rogue lava bucket.Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: At this point, just get your friends back together on an unmodded Minecraft server. I guarantee they don't know half of what's been added to vanilla Minecraft in the past 5 years.19. Thief GoldReleased: December 1, 1998 | Top 100 Score: 241.20 (Image credit: Eidos Interactive)Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: You'll have to remap the controls and be aware that some of the missions added in the Gold edition aren't as good as the originals, but quibbles aside, Thief is still top-tier stealth. The levels are diverse yet never gimmicky, something others in the genre could learn from, all tying together perfectly to make a taut film-noir fantasy thriller.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Metal Gear Solid and Thief Gold both released in 1998, but I don't think Kojima matched Thief's level of stealth mechanics until Metal Gear Solid 3, seven years later. The original Thief duology remains my gold standard for videogame sneaking, a perfect implementation of the infiltrator fantasy.Even though Thief's chunky, polygonal graphics are primeval by today's standards, I still think it's one of the best-looking games ever made. Part of that is down to the focused art direction and believability of its medieval world seized by a premature industrial revolution, but I also don't think a game has ever nailed the look and feeling of a city by night as well as Thief. Every level feels like you just stepped out for a late stroll, or perfectly evokes staying up late with everyone else in the house asleep.Thief also boasts a quietly all-time great modding community, with a deep well of fan missions adding up to the equivalent of several sequels. The peak, and a perfect starting point after you beat Thief Gold and Thief 2, is The Black Parade, a prequel campaign that contains some breathtakingly huge, intricate levels.Andy Chalk, NA Lead: I have to echo everything Jody and Ted said, but add that one of Thief Gold's underrated strengths—and the reason it stands as superior to Thief 2—is the presence of the "monster missions" dedicated to the more fantastical side of Thief. Some fans disparage them, preferring the more conventional B&E jobs, but it's the game's explicit acknowledgement of these hidden crypts and forgotten cities, crawling with supernatural creatures and long-lost secrets, that makes the world so special. Without those experiences lying just beneath the surface, the city is, well, just a city; with them, it's genuinely magical.18. PreyReleased: May 4, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 242.62 (Image credit: Bethesda)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Kinda weird how someone's out there making System Shock 3 when Arkane already made it. Prey is a special thing: a jumble of systems and pathways that's more than happy to let you pick your own, strange route through it. It's not as tight as Dishonored, but it makes up for it with an incredible sense of openness.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: The first third or so of System Shock 2 is a masterpiece of atmosphere, but I didn't get to play the game I was expecting to follow it until Prey came out. You can even leave the station, going on a spacewalk shortcut or tracking down dead crew floating in space.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Oh, I forgot to say: you can turn almost everything you come across into cubes. Love that. Love a good cube.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Chaps my ass to no end that after making a masterpiece like Prey, Arkane Austin got stuck doing a half-assed co-op shooter it had no business making, and was then shuttered when it tanked. Absolute bullshit of the highest order.17. RimworldReleased: October 17, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 244.00 (Image credit: Ludeon Studios)Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: I'd like to write about Rimworld's intricate dance of systems, its chaotic yet beautiful, ballet-like emergence, but I'd be doing it an injustice. The reason I actually play Rimworld is to see which of my colonists will eat each other first—and that's a compliment.Beyond being a fantastic way to lose an evening, Rimworld is capable of turning into an idle game that rarely fails to entertain, where an old save running in the background can quickly turn into your own macabre soap opera. The Sims? Nah, Rimworld please. It's a gripping post-apocalyptic hell sim like no other.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I always start a new game of Rimworld with the best of intentions. Like the last time, when I decided my colony would become a society of high-minded explorers in their little spaceship: the Federation of Rimworld. An hour in, I'd enslaved my first person. A few hours later, I invited a vampire to join the colony and started maintaining a stable of human-shaped blood bags. I also have a collection of feral children. Rimworld brings out the worst in me, but boy is it good.16. Sekiro: Shadows Die TwiceReleased: March 21, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 244.36 (Image credit: Activision)Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I'm smug beyond belief that we ranked this above Dark Souls this year. The Souls that launched a thousand -likes will always sleep easy in my git-gud heart, but Sekiro is peerless. From's RPGs offer build expression, but if you've not played Sekiro you haven't seen what it can do when it narrows its focus to a honed, thrice-folded nippon edge. Also: the best Souls bosses. You can fight me on that.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Sekiro above Dark Souls, or in fact Dark Souls 3 and its DLC (to which we owe Elden Ring) is a miscarriage of justice, but as someone who's also a Sekiro-enjoyer, it's impossible not to see the widespread impact this game has had on Soulslikes. From Black Myth: Wukong, to Lies of P, to this year's really quite good The First Berserker: Khazan—the kids are deflection-pilled now; it's literally everywhere. One of the things I do really love about Sekiro is how it's more of a character-based narrative than Dark Souls; Wolf has an actual backstory, Ashina changes before your eyes, and it allows for some incredible sequences.15. Half-Life 2Released: November 16, 2004 | Top 100 Score: 255.42, demoted by Morgan Park (Image credit: Valve)Robert Jones, Print Editor: Despite starting to creak somewhat, with many of its once-pioneering qualities since built on and, occasionally, improved on by subsequent games, there's no doubting that Half-Life 2 remains an FPS of immense quality, replayability and foresight. Lacking the incredible opening of the original Half-Life, but then delivering a far stronger overall game, one that introduced us all to the enduring charms of Alyx Vance, Half-Life 2 continues to immerse and enthuse in equal measure.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: It may be like 50% physics showcase, but it's a physics showcase that still puts most modern shooters to shame, and honestly a lot of the retro ones look rough next to it as well.Morgan Park, Staff Writer: I did indeed demote Half-Life 2 here, not because I don't love it, but because it's not the first singleplayer FPS I'd recommend to a new PC gamer today. It's got some boring bits that were a lot more impressive in 2004 and rough enough edges that modern games have smoothed out. All problems that Half-Life wouldn't have if Valve would get its act together and make another one (outside VR goggles).14. Baldur's Gate 2: Enhanced EditionReleased: September 21, 2000 | Top 100 Score: 244.80 (Image credit: Black Isle)Robert Jones, Print Editor: Every time I hear David Warner deliver the lines of Jon Irenicus, Baldur's Gate 2's incredibly memorable villain, I get chills, as it sums up the immense quality that pours forth out of this game at all moments. Defiant statements such as, "I cannot be caged. I cannot be controlled. Understand this as you die". Philosophical musings on the meaning of existence, such as, "Life… is strength. That is not to be contested; it seems logical enough. You live; you affect your world". And despair-laden realisations like, "I… I do not remember your love, Ellesime. I have tried to. I have tried to recreate it, to spark it anew in my memory. But it is gone... a hollow, dead thing". I remember why, until Baldur's Gate 3, this game was the greatest fantasy RPG ever made. Incredibly smart, epic in scale, and nearly infinite in replayability. Legendary.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I find it easy to forget how weird Baldur's Gate 2 is: Planar Spheres, jaunts to Hell (and the Abyss, aka. "Hell 2"), gangs of vampires kidnapping your companions, the works. The toughest boss in the game, a legendary RPG bragging rights fight, is a floating skull whose house is hidden in plain view not far from the opening area of the game. The titular city isn't even here! We're in Athkatla now, baby, a gilded society of wizard-haters who will sic Johnny Law on you for slinging spells in public. I love Baldur's Gate 3 to bits, but the pre-rendered fantasy psychedelia of Baldur's Gate 2 is still so special.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: One of the only RPGs ever to actually give you a narrative reason to spend 40 hours getting distracted by side quests. No, really, why don't more games do that?13. Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2Released: February 4, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 244.50 (Image credit: Deep Silver)Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: I can't remember the last time a game made me grin this hard during its intro sequence. Oh, yes I can. I would have been a teenager, full of youthful vigour, untarnished by the horrors of reality. Speaking of which, Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 brings such a hefty dose of crunchy, faux-medieval realism to its RPG mix, it comes out smelling of onions and turnips. Unforgiving yet easy-enough-to-master combat, dialogue that sounds like real people might have said it, and an open world that feels genuinely reactive—this is an RPG we'll still be talking about for many years to come.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 is the kind of game where you die of food poisoning because you risked an old sausage, or because you tried to travel to the next town over and two bandits clubbed you to death for your shoes—people died a lot in medieval times is what I've learnt. But beneath the absurdity its realism can sometimes conjure, it's genuinely one of the best RPGs you will play, with excellent combat, characters, choices, plus a setting its devs obviously care about and have worked hard to do justice.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: It's a game that almost never says no to you. It has that immersive sim magic where understanding its systems lets you exploit them infinitely, and it's very happy for you to do it. Wanna steal back all the money you just spent on swordfighting lessons right out of your teacher's pocket? Fill your boots, and then take theirs.12. XCOM 2Released: February 4, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 246.00 (Image credit: 2K Games)Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: Turn-based tactics don't get better. The complex strategy layer means you're not sure if you screwed up by diverting to rescue a squaddie instead of chasing alloy for an upgrade, and the missions turn on a dime by introducing new enemies you're not ready for or springing a cluster of aliens on you at the worst time. Beginning in stealth gives you confidence, then you turn a corner and it's ripped away. XCOM 2 is a perfectly balanced knife aimed at your throat.Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: War of the Chosen is an essential addition, adding some truly hateable villains and narrative stakes to the original game's tactical sandbox. Nothing since has nailed this combination of strategic tension and Star Trek actors mocking you for missing a 90% shot.11. Doom (1993)Released: December 10, 1993 | Top 100 Score: 246.03 (Image credit: Bethesda)Robert Jones, Print Editor: The forever FPS. The game which, no matter how many years pass, remains the shooter of shooters. The FPS you take with you to the desert island as the world ends. Whether it was the creative brilliance of John Romero, the technical wizardry of John Carmack, or the pioneering spirit of the entire id Software team, back in 1993 gaming history was made, and it continues to be made today thanks to Doom's incredible mod community. Pure PC gaming gold.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I want to provide ample respect to fellow designers Tom Hall and Sandy Petersen, but it's insane that, with his leadership, design rules, and very own levels, John Romero effectively invented 3D level design as we know it. Mario 64, Goldeneye, Ocarina of Time⁠—all that comes after Doom. And right here, coming up with this stuff out of the ether, id somehow made a perfect game.John Carmack's later work with the Quake engine was more influential on the future of 3D rendering, but his 1997 decision to make Doom fully open source was generous and far-sighted, paying dividends with mods, source ports, and full commercial games to this day."I don't have a real good guess at how many people are going to be playing with this," Carmack wrote in a .plan file with the source code release, "But if significant projects are undertaken, it would be cool to see a level of community cooperation." Little did he know.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Kids today simply cannot appreciate what an absolute pain in the ass it was setting up for a four-player Doom LAN party back in the day. First of all, who had a network card installed back then? Nobody, that's who. So that meant you had to jack a bunch of stuff from school or work or whatever (which for the record is not an admission of wrongdoing, this is all hypothetical) and then pray you could figure out how to make it all work before everyone got too wasted and opted to sit around watching old episodes of Batman instead.And man, it was worth it. We take big multiplayer shooters for granted these days but in the early 1990s, feeding lead to your friends in a videogame was revolutionary. I spent hundreds—maybe thousands—of hours playing through all the OG Doom games, expansions, and WAD CDs, but that incredible multiplayer was the peak of the experience, and it set the stage for many of the biggest, most popular online gaming experiences we enjoy today. Little did we know.#10-110. Red Dead Redemption 2Released: December 5, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 246.36 (Image credit: Rockstar)Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: The most lavish open world in all of PC gaming—Red Dead Redemption 2 is a stunningly beautiful game, both for the majestic scale of its environments, and the intricate detail packed inside of them. There's a good story here—it's the rare Rockstar game that doesn't default to cynicism, satire and cruelty as its central themes, even though you'll find plenty of all three from its cast of characters. But when I look back on my time with it, it's the journeys that I'll always remember, not the destination. The joy of wandering its world, discovering the sights and stories that take place between the mission markers.Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: It is simply one of the greatest games to ever exist, regardless of whether or not you used to run around your backyard playing cowboys with your friends and family. If you want fast, gunslinging combat, it's there. If you want to just ride around on the back of your horse trying to spot all the wildlife, you can also do that.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: You come into it wondering who the hell this 'Arthur' guy is and why you aren't playing John Marston, you leave never wanting to play as anyone but Arthur ever again.9. Elden RingReleased: February 24, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 246.60 (Image credit: FromSoftware)Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Thinking about replaying FromSoftware's massive open world action RPG exhausted me at one point, but thanks to the fantastic Seamless Co-op mod I realized how much of the game is elegantly designed to be skippable. It's a decadent buffet of dungeons and boss fights to feast on, while its expansion Shadow of the Erdtree is a Michelin-caliber prix fixe delight with a map precision designed to evoke open-mouth wonder every 30 minutes.Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Whoever said "Let's make Dark Souls but open world" is a genius. Elden Ring just works—the evolution of everything that made Dark Souls 3 and its DLC incredible. I've got over 800 hours in the game, including a playthrough in which I collected every item, and yet my brain still bugs me every month to start a new character. I can't wait for those two new classes coming in the Tarnished Edition…Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I actively dislike soulslikes, so committing to playing Elden Ring was basically a self-inflicted dare. Who knew it would basically take over my life in 2022? I've never encountered anything like it: A massive, sprawling, truly fantastical open world, utterly nonsensical (don't tell me this is "good storytelling," because folks, it ain't) yet somehow deeply melancholy and haunting. And, I have to call this out, smart and considerate enough to include a path for people like me who want to revel in the experience without having to deal with all that stick-and-move dodge-roll bullshit.(I also have to call out PC Gamer editor Wes Fenlon for showing me the soulslike ropes when I was ready to throw up my hands and walk away in disgust. Made all the difference.)I can't say Elden Ring was "influential" in any way: I still have zero interest in soulslikes in general, and I passed on Shadow of the Erdtree too. But it was a singular, majestic, damn near perfect videogame, one of the best I've ever played. So, a full-on sequel? Yeah, I'd probably be down for that.8. BalatroReleased: February 20, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 248.10 (Image credit: Playstack)Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: You really have to play Balatro to understand what makes it so vital. Those unassuming looks—'what, it's just looking for poker hands?'—disguise an absolute rabbit hole of roguelike strategy and wild, creative build-crafting. It reveals itself to you in exquisite layers—your best run 5 hours in is nothing compared to your best build 20 hours in, as you learn more and more of the cartomantic alchemy of wildly escalating numbers.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I recently had a weeks' holiday, where I was alone with my laptop, and thought: "Well, this thing can probably run Balatro, I haven't played in a while". One week later, I'd doubled my playtime to 80 hours.Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Balatro's importance has only increased in the last year, as 'score-based deckbuilders in which you strive to reach a number that can only be expressed through mathematical formula' has grown into a full subgenre; a counterpart to Slay the Spire's more combat-oriented style of buildcrafting. We've seen a number of "thing x Balatro" releases and demos this year, where the thing is everything from pool to mahjong to scrabble to the stock market. For now, Balatro still remains the best way to make a cacophony of light and sound that ends with your computer telling you that you've scored 4.681e30.7. Caves of QudReleased: December 5, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 248.20 (Image credit: Kitfox Games)Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Caves of Qud is a tile-based roguelike in the same way that a horse is descended from a sort of shrew: The statement's technically correct, but it doesn't quite capture the mystifying contours and inscrutable affect on display. Qud is better understood as a procedural conjuror of deep future fever dreams—of bird-worshipping wasteland villages and their alligator mayors, of marble-skinned warrior-clones entombed in centuries-long subterranean slumber, of chairs that can be people with an application of Spray-a-Brain. Whether I'm bristling with surplus limbs and psionic weaponry on a triumphant run or simply inspecting furniture flavor text, Qud is a showcase of stylistic and systemic artistry.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: It's just excruciatingly well-written, and I use that word deliberately. Consider its item description for a folding chair: "Jointed wood and knit watervine make a movable wharf for the ass." How am I to read this, as someone notionally paid to write for a living, and not simply want to give up?6. Stardew ValleyReleased: February 26, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 249.08 (Image credit: ConcernedApe)Elie Gould, News Writer: A beacon of feel-good cosy goodness, Stardew Valley has managed to retain its position as one of the most influential indie games for almost a decade now and for good reason. Its warm vibes, whimsical characters, and beautiful locations all cobble together to make a farming sim which is at times almost impossible to put down. I've been working on my Cherrytree Farm for about seven years now, and going about my daily business is just as exciting and fun as the day I began.Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: It's impossible to not praise the game that inspired every second release to involve some sort of farming mechanics. Yet, despite all the farming simulators I've spent an ungodly amount of time playing, nothing holds a torch to my sweet, dear Pelican Town.Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: I delayed playing this game until just last year because I was terrified it would take over my life. And of course it did, to the tune of 60 hours in just the first two weeks alone. I love that it lets me think up so many personal goals, whether they're casual (I wanna grow a pumpkin the size of a car this fall) or obsessive (I wanna min-max the profitability of my basement wine-making operation for the next five years).5. Crusader Kings 3Released: September 1, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 253.33 (Image credit: Paradox)Fraser Brown, Online Editor: The best way to experience the medieval world—if the experience you want involves chasing perverts out of your bedroom, murdering family members and alcoholism. Crusader Kings 3 is much more than a strategy game—it's a hugely elaborate RPG, a centuries-long life sim and a platform for so many impressive mods. And it just keeps getting bigger and better as Paradox extends the map and beefs up its multitude of systems.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I repeatedly kidnapped the King of Estonia so much it broke his mind and he became a nudist.Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: I don't have much of a mind for strategy, let alone grand strategy, but I sure do like personal drama. When you pull your eyes away from the world and focus on your character, their family, and their relationships, CK3 is like a big, bizarre soap opera that gives you a sprawling and often hilarious story to tell each time you play. Yes, yes, Moldavia is invading Walachia, but my spymaster just heard a rumor that a local noble is sleeping with his own son's wife? Juicy!4. The Witcher 3: Wild HuntReleased: May 18, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 259.50 (Image credit: CD Projekt)Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: It's somehow been a decade since The Witcher 3 changed our expectations for RPGs, but it sure doesn't feel like it. How many games since have had sidequests as clever or funny as A Greedy God, in which a couple dummies have been duped into thinking a gluttonous monster is their god? Or a protagonist with as strong a sense of history in their world as Geralt, yet still malleable in the moments you make key choices? Maybe just one, and it's ranked higher on this list.Play it again—I bet there's at least one killer quest you haven't seen yet.Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: A handful of videogames have made me want to read the associated books. With Baldur's Gate, it was not worth it. With The Witcher it was, and I blitzed through the whole saga between playing The Witcher 3 and its expansions. Now if I hear the phrase "Battle of Brenna" my eyes glaze over and I go to my happy place.They're fun books taken on their own, but they really deepened my appreciation of the games as well. Especially The Witcher 3, which feels the most like a dedicated fanfic continuation of the novels with its focus on Ciri and Yennefer.Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Possibly the best RPG I've ever played, for so many reasons, but it's the characters who are the real backbone of the thing: Geralt, obviously, but Yennefer, Dandelion, Ciri, and even more background players like Zoltan and Keira are what really bring it to life. Geralt, Lambert, and Eskel getting apocalyptically hammered and drunk-dialing one of Yen's pals is silly and juvenile (and yes, uproariously funny), but it's also one of the game's most genuinely humanizing moments. Whomst among us has not made bad decisions and disappointed our partners while on a night out with the boys? Geralt is already well established as a character by that point in the game, but that episode makes him real in a way we hadn't seen previously: He's absolutely a hero, but he's also just one of the guys.3. Dwarf FortressReleased: August 8, 2006 | Top 100 Score: 261.43 (Image credit: Kitfox Games)Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: I started playing Dwarf Fortress sometime in 2010, and since then I've forgotten more about the dwarven histories I've witnessed than most people will ever learn about our own. I've watched goblin sieges broken by one-armed wrestlers, grief-maddened kings sealed in their throne rooms, failed aqueduct projects leading to food riots, and more. It's a testament to the sprawling intricacy of Dwarf Fortress's fantasy simulation that the 15 years we spent with half-functional marksdwarves—now fixed, thanks to a recent patch—was barely a footnote to the endless toil, tragedy, and turmoil of dwarven existence.It's an incomparable storytelling engine of absurd complexity, modeling everything from geologic erosion to nerve tissue damage to feline alcohol poisoning. With any luck, I'll still be playing it in 2040.Joshua Wolens, News Writer: My not-so-secret belief is that, if you asked the god Yama to judge all of videogames, Dwarf Fortress would be the one that comes closest to perfection. This is a medium where a million back-of-box blurbs have promised 'anything can happen,' but it's only in DF that I think that might actually be true, thanks to the literal decades of accumulated systems and mechanics that have now accrued in Tarn and Zach Adams' bizarre and beautiful everything-simulator.2. Disco Elysium – The Final CutReleased: October 15, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 267.16 (Image credit: ZA/UM)Joshua Wolens, News Writer: No game has ever captured the malaise of the end of history better. Disco Elysium's Revachol is a city stuck in neutral, ruled over not by a singular tyrant but by the distant dictates of drab men of finance, who spill more blood with a signature than even the most industrious dictator could with a firing squad. Its people are bleary-eyed, ignored, and exploited in a kind of maddeningly abstract way—they know no future but rather an interminable present, a neverending process of things getting inevitably worse.Until someone goes and blows away a mercenary hired by the Wild Pines corporation, anyway, at which point all the quiet, tinderbox contradictions that define Revachol threaten to catch alight and engulf it. Suddenly the city where every possible future has been tried and foreclosed is forced to lurch into something new, just like the bloated, self-destroying drunk you play as. I'm not sure a more 21st-century game has, or could be made.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I am a speed-addicted cop with a drinking problem, my best friend thinks I'm an idiot, I've lost my gun, my car and my badge, I keep trying to eat the rich and I think I can see ghosts. My necktie talks to me. Unrelated: Disco Elysium is very good.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I don't want to be this kind of animal anymore.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Disco Elysium is a masterfully-written piece of art. It manages to be hilarious, harrowing, uplifting, and depressing all at once. Once moment you're cracking up at Harry DuBois bellowing about an "ice cop-hat fuck show", the next your heart softens as he's treated with understanding by people who've all already lived the worst days of their lives, and are expecting so many more.Also, Kim Kitsuragi is the best companion character in any RPG, bar none. He is an anchor point in the universe, the perfect platonic ideal of that guy. He is, always has been, and will continue to be Him.Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: I still don't know where my gun is.1. Baldur's Gate 3Released: August 3, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 267.64 (Image credit: Larian)Robert Jones, Print Editor: The best fantasy RPG of all time. A game of such staggering complexity, flexibility, fun and beauty, that no matter who you are or how you play it, Baldur's Gate 3 will leave an emotional mark on you. What Larian Studios achieved with Baldur's Gate 3 is already legendary, with the game scooping up every single award going following its release, as well as topping countless lists just like this. But, let me tell you, its legend is only going to grow further as time passes. Baldur's Gate 3 is a game that will go on to influence so many more games yet to come, a game whose impact on the video game industry will be as keenly felt as when Doom released, or Deus Ex or, yes, even its mighty predecessor, Baldur's Gate 2. I, for one, can't wait to see what the future holds.Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I mean… c'mon, are we really surprised this one's here? The good ship PC Gamer is a flotilla of varying tastes, but the one thing we tend to have in common most of all is that we all love a bloomin' good RPG.Baldur's Gate 3 is an utter masterclass, hard-earned by Larian's multiple brushes with bankruptcy and years of making increasingly good CRPGs. Swen Vincke and co. wandered out into a field with a bottle, stared at a thundercloud with full confidence, and let the lightning come to them—hitting the D&D renaissance right at its apex.Compliments need to go to the game's writing, as well. Not since Origins have we seen a cast of characters so well-fleshed out, distinct, and realised. Even Wyll (who I think gets dunked on far too often, IMHO) is only a little less golden because he's standing on the pantheon with some all-timers. That the game allows you to miss, kill, or betray any of them shows a ton of confidence in its immersive sim vision.I also don't want to let it go unspoken that Larian's post-launch support has turned this game from "just excellent" to an all-timer. New subclasses, difficulty modes, and an honest-to-Bhaal epilogue that turned its slightly-wobbly, hurried-feeling ending into a perfect series of capstones to one of my favourite games ever.Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Baldur's Gate 3 is one of the few games where I think the 160 hours I spent reviewing it was time well spent. It consumed my every waking moment for weeks and I loved every second of it, giving it the highest score we've ever given a game in the history of PC Gamer (at least in the UK).Andrea Shearon, Evergreen Writer: Unlike Fraser, I do not have a good excuse for my embarrassingly long Baldur's Gate 3 playtime. Steam says I've put over 400 hours into Larian's behemoth RPG, but it does not indicate how much of that was time spent rotating my Tav and Karlach around like a rotisserie chicken.Since I got so into modding, I'm gonna say I wracked up at least half of that in the character creator. The other half was time spent petting Scratch and arguing (flirting?) with my brain worm.Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Man I've got stuff to do and I'm still eyeing another replay.Personal PicksNot enough games for you? Luckily the PC Gamer team has plenty of favourites that didn't make it into the main list. Each editor has picked one game that has their personal seal of approval—even though it didn't secure enough votes to make it into the list proper. Lies of P: Overture Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Lies of P: Overture is one of the best soulslike DLCs to ever grace the genre, and that ain't no lie. The base game, which I finally committed to a full playthrough of, is really solid. Overture, meanwhile, is peak all the way through—showing us that Round 8 Studios has found its own identity in a sea of imitators. I'm calling it here: If Overture is any indication, Round 8's next game will give FromSoftware a run for its money. Uplink Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Uplink consists of a BBS dialler and a list of IP addresses and somehow it's the best open-world game I've played. It turns you loose, points you at a fake internet, and lets you do whatever the heck you want. Who among us hasn't immediately gotten nabbed by the cops for an ill-judged day-one attempt to hack a bank? Ninja Gaiden 2 Black Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: The most vicious combat ever in a Japanese action game, finally given the rerelease it deserves in a polished UE5 remaster. You ain't ninja'd until you've sliced three dudes' heads off with a single Flying Swallow or skewered a hellbeast on a scythe as tall as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. The idiom "all killer no filler" was actually invented to describe this game. Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: WotR saw me through catching Covid, and I think its excellent union of hardcore crunch with BioWare-style comfort food fantasy really presaged Baldur's Gate 3. Owlcat has only added to the game since I played a year after launch, and I definitely have to revisit this one to check out all the DLC⁠—and finally try Rogue Trader, for that matter. Deep Rock Galactic Survivor Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: As you read this, this truly excellent take on the Vampire Survivors formula will be gearing up for its 1.0 release on September 17. Despite having already lost nearly 100 hours to it in Early Access, I suspect I'm going to be sucked in all over again by the addition of an entire new gear system in the full release. Fields of Mistria Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: It may still be in early access, but Fields of Mistria is the only farming sim to give me the same fuzzy feelings (and complete time blindness) as Stardew Valley. Sprinkle in extra magical girl goodness and a Game Boy Advance-adjacent artstyle, and it stands on its own as a ridiculously cosy experience. Plus, it's perfect on the Steam Deck. Monster Train 2 Evan Lahti, Content Director: A more-is-more counterpoint to Slay the Spire's relative austereness in the deckbuilder genre. I love assembling an ugly menagerie of squid women, immortal ooze piles, melting Victorian candle children, actual demons, and mushroom soldiers. Each night I load these weirdos into separate rooms of a three-story train to reclaim heaven. Perfect soundtrack, big replayability, inventive factions, and more content on the way. Earth Defense Force 5 Lincoln Carpenter, Staff Writer: EDF looks like shit, the voice acting is awful, the developers have been using the same assets since 2006, and it fucking rules. It's a series carried solely by the unembellished truth that it's fun to shoot 6 million giant ants with your friends. It's one of the purest demonstrations that a game need not be pretty to be excellent. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: My 2025 highlight is my young son's discovery of this game. He's not very good at it, and I'll be damned before I let my kid get battered by the Foot: so I've belatedly become great at defending Raphael in co-op, softening up baddies, and annihilating bosses with Radical Mode before they can lay a claw on my boy. Then we high-five, say "Cowabunga!", and start the next level. Anno 1800 Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I could lie to you and pretend that my many hours in Anno 1800 were in pursuit of creating a beautiful Georgian city, taking simple pleasure in the aesthetic thrill of a thriving industrial metropolis. But no, in reality I'm here for the sicko shit: complex production chains pumping out everything from telephones to bowler hats at peak economic efficiency. Zork: Grand Inquisitor Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: The game that came with my first DVD-ROM drive. It's not too long, contains genuinely good gags, and when the puzzles are BS, they're BS in a funny way. (There's a spell that turns purple things invisible.) They never made another Zork game after this one, which is sad, but at least the series went out on a high note. The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: Scandalous that I have to burn my personal pick just to get Skyrim in the top 100 conversation! But, I get it. It's dated and creaky and there are so many deeper options for RPGs these days—but Skyrim's sandbox remains unmatched (especially when modded) when it comes to giving you the freedom to create characters and adventures that are truly your own. Norco Andrea Shearon, Evergreen Writer: Not that you need to look much further than your daily newsfeed for AI-gone-mad horror stories and reports from a crumbling gig economy, but allow me to recommend the game that tried to warn us all—Norco. It's eight hours of point-and-click adventuring through a grungy, southern gothic hellscape that feels a little too familiar to be a dystopian tale of caution. Skin Deep Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Skin Deep landed at 123 in our voting, which should tell you how much we liked it. Blendo Games took seven years to make its ambitious immersive sim about rescuing cats from space pirates, and it was worth the wait. Skin Deep has pure systems-driven fun that lets you solve problems in accidentally genius ways. One time I dodged a bullet that broke a window, triggering a decompression that killed everyone on the ship but me. Yakuza: Like A Dragon Lauren Morton, Lead SEO Editor: It's criminal that there can only be one Yakuza game on this list. I support Yakuza 0 getting the spot, but Yakuza LAD pulled off what should not have been possible: replacing a protagonist from seven mainline games with a totally new one and replacing its beloved brawler battle system with a turn based one and making me love both of those changes. Rain World Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: In this hallowed year of Hollow Knight: Silksong I am once again asking you to go and play one of the coolest metroidvanias ever made. Rain World actually came out a month after Hollow Knight in 2017 and remains one of the most fascinating examples of the genre you will ever play, plus the best post-apocalyptic ecosystem simulator out there. Magic: The Gathering – Arena Jody Macgregor, Weekend Editor: Every time I try a digital card game that's "like Magic but X" I end up just playing Magic again and realizing it's still better than all the pretenders. I do like to sit down at an actual table with other players from my pleasantly chill local Magic scene, but it's a lot cheaper to build a digital deck. Old Skies Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Wadjet Eye's latest adventure game straight up made me cry. This is not something most games are capable of, but Old Skies is special. A sci-fi time travel romp that's really a heart-wrenching tale of isolation, loss and love, it's gonna punch you in the guts and you will say "Thank you". Oh yeah, and the puzzles are great, too. Metro Exodus Andy Chalk, US News Lead: Metro Exodus has it all: stealth, horror, breakneck violence, and one of the best post-apocalyptic open worlds I've ever roamed. What really seals the deal, though, is family. The sense of rugged camaraderie I share with my fellow travellers on the Aurora is the real heart of the game. They matter: I fight for them, and they fight for me. Phil SavageEditor-in-ChiefPhil has been writing for PC Gamer for nearly a decade, starting out as a freelance writer covering everything from free games to MMOs. He eventually joined full-time as a news writer, before moving to the magazine to review immersive sims, RPGs and Hitman games. Now he leads PC Gamer's UK team, but still sometimes finds the time to write about his ongoing obsessions with Destiny 2, GTA Online and Apex Legends. When he's not levelling up battle passes, he's checking out the latest tactics game or dipping back into Guild Wars 2. He's largely responsible for the whole Tub Geralt thing, but still isn't sorry.With contributions fromMollie TaylorFeatures ProducerJoe DonnellyDeputy Editor, PC Gaming ShowTyler WildeEditor-in-Chief, USWes FenlonSenior EditorJake TuckerPC Gaming Show Editorial DirectorJody MacgregorWeekend/AU EditorKara PhillipsEvergreen WriterLincoln CarpenterNews WriterRich StantonSenior EditorChristopher LivingstonSenior Editor You must confirm your public display name before commenting Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name. Back To Top 1Best gaming monitors in 2025: the pixel-perfect panels I'd buy myself2The best fish tank PC case in 2025: I've tested heaps of stylish chassis but only a few have earned my recommendation3Best gaming laptop 2025: I've tested the best laptops for gaming of this generation and here are the ones I recommend4Best Hall effect keyboards in 2025: the fastest, most customizable keyboards for competitive gaming5Best PCIe 5.0 SSD for gaming in 2025: the only Gen 5 drives I will allow in my PC1Routine review2Escape from Tarkov review: Singularly unforgiving, dizzyingly complex, and like no other FPS out there3Lenovo Legion 9i Gen 10 gaming laptop review4Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 review – CoD at its most obnoxious5LG UltraGear 27GX790A OLED gaming monitor review
Welcome to the PC Gamer Top 100—our annual list of the best games you can play right now. For the last few months, the PC Gamer team has been busy whittling down the hundreds of thousands of games available on PC; campaigning, voting and arguing until we arrived at the 100 games you'll find below.
It's a list designed to represent the passion of our global team of over 30 writers and editors. If you're wondering why Pillars of Eternity 2: Deadfire is back on the list for the first time in years, it's because Josh made a fully animated powerpoint presentation that he delivered to the team while dressed up as a pirate. Not everyone went to those lengths to advocate for their chosen favourites, but you can be sure every pick is a game that at least a few people on staff care deeply about.
As always, the key question when creating a list of the best games is: What does it mean to be the 'best'? Is it a canon classic—a game that can't be ignored for its legacy to all of PC gaming? Is it an original idea, offering up something that's never been seen before? Or, more simply, is it a finely crafted masterpiece—the pinnacle of its chosen genre? In truth, the answer is that can be any or all of the above, and so those are the criteria our scoring system is built around.
Ahead of the vote, the PC Gamer team is free to nominate any PC game for Top 100 voting. These nominations gave us a longlist of 300 games. Each member of the team is then asked to rate those games subjectively across three weighted categories.
Quality: How good is it? A purely personal rating of its calibre as a game. (60% of the Top 100 Score)
Importance: How noteworthy is it? Its influence on other games and beyond. (20% of the Top 100 Score)
Freshness: How unique is it? Its ability to stand out from other games. (20% of the Top 100 Score)
Importance and Freshness are weighted around the Top 100's role as an annual list. Too much weighting to Importance, and the list remains stagnant each year. Too much to Freshness, and there's little consistency. Quality remains the most important category—if we don't think a game is actually good, it doesn't make the Top 100.
The sum of each game's ratings is divided by its number of voters, and then run through a few special formula—including a confidence rating that penalises games that receive too few votes—to produce the final Top 100 score.
We then make a few custom tweaks. In the interest of variety, we restrict the list to one game per series—we'll only include multiple if we feel the games are different enough from each other to both be worth mentioning, for instance Baldur's Gates 2 and 3. Otherwise the lower scoring games in a series are removed.
Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team.
For the final step, every voter can pitch for one change to the list—promoting a game higher, or demoting it lower. Each pitch is voted on by the wider team, and if it gets a majority vote in favour, the change is made. Where that's happened, we've noted the editor responsible for its new placing.
Only after all that do we arrive at the 100 games you'll find below. We feel it's an accurate reflection of the PC Gamer team, and who we are as gamers—our best attempt to corral our subjective, varied tastes into a list of games we wholeheartedly recommend. As always, we'd love to hear what you think—both of the list and how we make it. If you've got thoughts to share, email us at editors@pcgamer.com. Enjoy!
Note: Top 100 voting was completed in July, prior to the release of games such as Borderlands 4, Battlefield 6, Hades 2, Hollow Knight: Silksong and Silent Hill f. These will all be eligible for next year's list.
Released: August 8, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 210.60, promoted by Robin Valentine
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I'm extremely relieved that Unavowed managed to slip in at the end—though it deserves to be so much higher. This is Wadjet Eye's best adventure game, and thus simply one of the best adventure games ever made, whether you're an old-school point-and-click aficionado or have more modern sensibilities. A smart, pleasingly tangled supernatural story; a fascinating roster of supernatural investigators, from a hardboiled fire mage to a spirit medium with a tiny BFF, waiting to help you on your cases; clever puzzles that don't outstay their welcome—I love it. If you've got an appetite for urban supernatural affairs like Dresden Files or Constantine, you're gonna have a great time.
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: I'm a little sad that no one's really picked up the formula laid down by Unavowed—even Wadjet itself—because it feels like a really strong case to me for how point-and-click adventures can modernise for the new era. So much of the genre is about nostalgia and throwbacks, but by bringing the best of it together with BioWare-inspired elements such as a party of companions and a story full of heavy moral choices, Unavowed feels really fresh and different.
Released: August 10, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 213.12, promoted by Fraser Brown
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: The sequel has dented the brand, but the original Cities: Skylines remains a supremely impressive city builder, elevated by years of DLC and mods. It's better than the follow up in nearly every regard—including being considerably better looking. If you've got a sudden craving to become a modern urban planner, there simply isn't a better option, and I suspect this will be the case for a very long time.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: City builders are thriving, in part because so many developers are putting their own specific, weird or cosy twists on the genre. If you want the pure hit, though—the 100% uncut thrill of residential zoning, tax policies and traffic flow management—Cities: Skylines has spent the last decade as the undisputed king.
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Cities: Skylines is the world's best lesson in the incomparable power of the noble roundabout.
Released: December 8, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 213.80, promoted by Evan Lahti
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: It strikes a perfect balance of resource-accumulation coziness (bake pies for frogs, brew beavers beer, delight your heat-loving lizards by assigning them to work in a kiln) and managing the looming stress of the storm, which pours on ever-increasing hardships that drive your animal and human villagers away or kill them outright. In a game about imperial settlements, it asks you to be thoughtful about your impact on the environment: the cost of each felled tree is felt, as nature itself resents your presence and gets more dangerous as you cut further into it.
The art is warm, effortlessly readable, and original. The structure of the game is one of the most clever I've seen in a roguelike—each run is one leg of an excursion into an overworld map's fog of war. The latest DLC adds gloomy bats as a playable species, and a giant fuzzy creature-pet you need to placate by throwing resources at it.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: On paper, 'roguelite citybuilder' is my personal videogame nightmare. But Against the Storm is so devilishly moreish that I've struggled to put it down. Its dark and dreary vibe is surprisingly cosy, and there's no better feeling than finally getting the blueprint for that one building you need to have your entire encampment running like a well-oiled machine.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Far more than a gimmick, the roguelite structure of randomised modifiers and choose-between-three-things upgrades works so well to enhance Against the Storm's win condition. You're not here to build a city that lasts. Your job is to satisfy your liege's demands and get out of dodge—moving on to the next town. Whatever buildings you're offered, whatever randomly generated threats are thrown your way, there's always a path to victory if you're flexible enough to use the options you're given. In the very best runs, that victory arrives moments before the inevitable disaster—when you've pushed the economy and your people beyond breaking point in order to squeeze out the last few production cycles needed to finish the job.
Released: June 28, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 218.12
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: This quaint-seeming underwater platformer is actually a bottomless array of features and minigames. "Surely weapon upgrading will be the last feature I unlock," you naively say to yourself before unlocking a photography system, fish farming, seahorse racing, and a multi-hour sea-people storyline. Otherwise, the over-the-top anime cutscenes (one of the DLCs introduces Godzilla) pair well with Dave's coastal calm.
Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: Yeah, when I was creeping through a stealth section while armed guards hunted me, I asked myself "Is this game ever going to stop giving me new stuff to do?" Nope. Even the end credits has a new minigame to play.
96. Shadowrun: Dragonfall – Director's Cut
Released: February 27, 2014 | Top 100 Score: 218.40
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: I like games where wizards and warriors go into a dungeon, avoid traps, fight monsters, and emerge with a pile of loot, and I also like games where hackers and cyborgs go into a corporation, avoid cameras, fight security guards, and emerge with a cache of data. Shadowrun: Dragonfall looks at the similarities between fantasy dungeon crawls and cyberpunk heists, takes one in each hand, and says, "Now kiss!"
The result is a turn-based RPG full of engagingly warped takes on the clichés. The dragon doesn't demand tribute, they host a talk show and demand attention. The dwarf doesn't craft magic swords, they code ultimate leet warez. And the hub's not a medieval town, it's an anarchist collective in the middle of Berlin.
Released: December 10, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 218.40
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: The trailblazer of indie boomer shooters is still hard to beat after seven years and hundreds of lo-fi, movement and exploration-heavy FPSes released in its wake. Dusk remains fresh and surprising, even on repeat playthroughs. It manages breathtaking visuals (E2M4, E3M7) that once again show how art direction can trump fidelity. Dusk is also a very funny game, boasting some of the most earned jump scares in all of gaming, an aspect of the shooter that prefaced creator David Szymanski's breakout horror game, Iron Lung.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I love Dusk because it looks old, but it feels new: There's a clear reverence for the games that inspired it, but it doesn't wallow in nostalgia the way lesser games might. The stripped-down approach to the genre is equally great. It works brilliantly well because it's so pure—just guns, weird bad guys, clever levels, and nothing to do but shoot.
Released: October 11, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 219.00
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Not into Persona? I wasn't, either, and it didn't matter—even if you aren't comparing it to some of Atlus' other games, Metaphor: ReFantazio stands on its own two leather boots as an excellent JRPG. Which it shouldn't be, because "it's an election campaign trail" is a terrible elevator pitch for a genre that usually hinges on killing god at some point.
That still happens, but the road to get there is downright fascinating—and surprisingly thoughtful. Mind, I'd never been exposed to Atlas' writing before, but I was always astonished at how cleverly it played around with the very serious themes it juggled. The flawed concept of utopia, the dangers of nationalism, the way people in power turn us on each other to hold onto it.
Also, you can turn into a giant fantasy mecha and hit someone with a sword very hard.
Overall, Metaphor: ReFantazio is bursting with intriguing fantasy politics, well-written characters, and a main villain I absolutely did not develop a strong crush on. Stop asking.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: It might not be the highest-ranked JRPG on this list, but I remain convinced Metaphor is the greatest JRPG ever made, taking all the good stuff from Persona 5 and sticking it in a better game. As an added bonus: no more school.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Persona's rag-tag teen shtick is losing its relatability as I barrel into my 30s, which makes me all the more grateful Metaphor exists. Fantasy, politics, and like Harvey said, a whole heaping of hot villains to love-hate. It's shorter than a Persona game with a lot less min-maxing to stress out over, too.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: The only videogame brave enough to just make Reinhard von Lohengramm its primary antagonist and so, by default, one of the best videogames ever made.
Released: October 23, 2012 | Top 100 Score: 219.20
Jake Tucker, PC Gaming Show Editorial Director: Fast, brutal, and utterly hypnotic, Hotline Miami is a game that grabs you by the throat and demands attention. It's a puzzle game at heart, with every room being a conundrum solved only through violence. You slam through doors, batter white-suited Russian gangsters with hammers (and other bits), and do everything in your power to survive in this top-down fever dream of neon, blood, and carnage. It's twitchy, unforgiving and a total headfuck if you pay attention to the story.
All of this is threaded through with a killer soundtrack that pulses through the entire game. Each track doesn't just accompany the violence, it feels like it drives it, surreal electronic music that amps up Hotline Miami's grim atmosphere.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: This OST still makes up a big chunk of my workout playlist.
Released: October 23, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 219.40
Elie Gould, News Writer: Multiplayer wackiness is at an all-time high right now and that is thanks in large part to this hilarious co-op horror game. The best part? Zeekerss just gives players all the tools they need to create some zany moments and unforgettable memories and then just stands back and lets everyone get on with it.
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: We were sprinting back to the dropship when, inches away from the door, an Eyeless Dog snatched me up in its teeth. My teammate, who had been just two meters ahead of me, was puzzled when I didn't walk in behind him, having just heard me over prox chat seconds ago. "Uh… Evan?" He waits nine seconds for me to appear. With perfect comedic timing, the Eyeless Dog casually walks into the spaceship like it belongs there and eats my teammate.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Turns out, positional audio might be the single best game mechanic for making you laugh—Lethal Company might have a lot of imitators, but that's only because it was the first to recognise this immutable fact. It's also gone and revitalised (potentially created?) a genre unto itself.
Yes, the term "friendslop" is a little derogatory, and I reckon we ought to come up with something better, but "nu-party game" doesn't quite slide off the tongue. Besides, I could never mean anything by it. Because after playing similar games as well—including the excellent Peak—I'm just glad these indie playrooms are giving me an excuse to hang out with my mates again.
Released: August 18, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 219.43
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Alright, so the 2024 edition was pretty donked up. But Flight Sim 2020's 1:1 scale virtual Earth remains one of the most impressive technical marvels in videogames, one that's responsible for the closest I've ever come to having a spiritual experience with a controller in my hands: soaring north through Italy to approach the Alps rising to meet the evening sun, and feeling firsthand how terribly small we are.
Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: It's the rare game that feels like we haven't quite invented the hardware powerful enough to handle it, and may not for another decade. The level of detail in the planes is simply ridiculous, with each and every switch and button and toggle modeled and completely functional, which alone puts every other sim game to shame. And once you've gotten over the beauty of the cockpit, you can look out the window and see, y'know, the entire planet in real time. It's still hard to believe this sim really exists.
Released: October 10, 2007 | Top 100 Score: 219.60
Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: Still the pinnacle of the class-based shooter, the world's premiere hat simulator, and the exemplar of how to build-out and maintain a truly community-driven title. Valve continues to issue periodic updates, albeit using crowdsourced content, and every so often still surprises fans by doing things like releasing a new comic (after a "relatively short" seven-year delay). Not bad going for a game that, on October 10, will somehow be 18 years old.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I'd be hard-pressed to find a game that's contributed as much to internet gaming culture as Team Fortress 2—with memes that've been burned into the public consciousness with all the fire of a branding iron. Couple that with some of the best class shooter gameplay to ever do it, and you've got one fresh-baked cultural touchstone ready to go. In other words, what makes Team Fortress 2 a good videogame? Well, if it were a bad videogame, I wouldn't be sittin' here, discussin' it with ya, now would I?
Released: June 16, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 220.20
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Peak came out of nowhere and climbed to the top of my estimation—it's basically everything you'd want out of its genre of friendship-based co-op fun. You and your friends must ascend while maintaining your stamina, naturally crafting moments of peak physical comedy via the power of positional voice chat and a physics engine that hates you. Or you can just yell at your co-workers. I'm over it, Mollie, don't worry.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Help me up that damn cliff next time, Harvey!
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: I love that Peak is adjacent to, but not mimicking, the crop of co-op friendly horror games spawned from Phasmophobia. Unlike Lethal Company or REPO, Peak is bright, inviting, and enduringly simple. Yet that doesn't betray a level of skill and coordination needed to clear its highest peaks. You can feel the expertise of two skilled indies in Peak. Yes, it was mostly made in a month, but there's high craft here.
Released: September 2, 2014 | Top 100 Score: 220.20
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Other life sims have attempted to knock The Sims 4 off its throne, but it continues to be top dog. If you're willing to look past a small loan's worth of DLC, The Sims 4 still excels with a well-oiled simulation, and a build mode I wish more games would crib from.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Do I think the Sims 4 deserves to be the only game of its ilk? In a just world, and given EA's reputation for microtransactions, maybe not. But as Mollie rightly points out, nobody's managed to compete with it. Is the genre cursed by a witch? Perhaps.
Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: The Sims 4 returns after the coup I committed against the series last year. Inzoi's launch this year hasn't really managed to shake The Sims 4's stranglehold on this genre of one, so on the list it stays, just banished to the 80s. Every year there are two wolves inside me: the one who still spends dozens of hours meticulously decorating houses each year and the one who knows that each new expansion brings increasingly cursed save file bugs to the game. Maybe next year I'll get everyone to vote in The Sims 2 now that we've got the Legacy Collection available.
Released: January 23, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 220.33
Elie Gould, News Writer: I can't go any deeper than up to my shoulders in the sea so it just goes to show how much I love Subnautica for all its beautiful corals, intuitive crafting, and fun base building that I'm able to stomach the sickening thalassophobia.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Timeless survival crafting goodness, easily gotten on a bargain these days.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Subnautica may be the best videogame fakeout I've ever encountered. An exciting sci-fi game! An intriguing exploration adventure! Some… weird criticisms of capitalism here and there? And after lulling me into lazy-eyed complacency, my first goddamn Leviathan encounter. Most of the noises I made in that moment were not components of the English language, and of the bits that were, I cannot repeat them here, but it was balls-out terror worthy of anything conjured by Frictional. Those undersea horrors were my least favorite part of the game—I get creeped out by Jacques Cousteau documentaries, so going face to face with massive, unearthly horrors lurking in the black depths of an alien world is definitely not my thing—but it lent Subnautica a sense of intensity it otherwise would've lacked, making it unforgettable in the process.
Released: July 7, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 220.50
Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: Rocket League is the epitome of 'easy to learn, difficult to master'. At top-level, it's a football-aping sports sim about small cars knocking around a massive ball inside a cage. But beneath this veneer lies a game of skill, tactics, aerial mastery and astute physics manipulation, with a decade's worth of crossover and customisation content.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: I have such fond memories of the times I used to get home from work and jump straight into split screen Rocket League with a friend. As Joe points out, it's a magical combo of being easy enough to pick up and play, but still with enough depth and skill ceiling that you find yourself striving towards mastery. It's a surprisingly hard balance to achieve with a game.
Released: August 1, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 220.80
Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: Still one of the only games that has made me ugly cackle at my PC. I'm not convinced I understand what a comedy slapformer is, but I know for sure that I want more of them. Especially if Matt Berry is somehow involved. Thank Goodness You're Here! is filled with minigames that are as unsettling as they are entertaining.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Thank Goodness You're Here! is an unequivocally brilliant comedy game. Not "funny for a game" but simply funny. Phenomenal gags, lots of slapping, and a tiny man who defies the laws of reality.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: It's an absurdist satire, sure, but also incredibly loving in its homage to Northern England. An absolute delight, finally beating out Jazzpunk for me as the best comedy you can play on your PC.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: I grew up on shows like The Goodies and The Young Ones so I thought British comedy was in my veins, but the third time Thank Goodness You're Here! expected me to piss myself at a man who collects WWII memorabilia having to clean up chimney dust I realized it was too British even for me.
Released: December 3, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 221.00
Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: It doesn't feel like Microsoft knows what to do with Halo these days, but luckily it got one thing right: The Master Chief Collection is the definitive way to enjoy the series' golden years. It's a generous package too: Five superb Bungie titles plus the half-decent Halo 4, with multiplayer modes aplenty including co-op and crossplay functionality. It's the single best way both start, and finish, the fight.
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Battle rifle <3
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I have to second Lincoln here, Battle Rifle indeed <3. After firmly switching to PC and not having a way to replay Halo for many years, the classic games dimmed in my memory a bit. But the old magic returned immediately when I booted up Halo: Reach on my desktop for the first time at the end of 2019. For my money, the double Scarab fight at the end of Halo 3 is the defining moment of the series, and an all-timer FPS fight.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I played the hell out of Halo 1—in its intended Castilian Spanish (don't worry about it)—back when I was a kid, but I'll be honest: I never really understood the hype. That is until pandemic lockdowns led me to return to the game and finally try to beat it solo on Legendary difficulty. It was like sharpening the whole thing to a fine point. Suddenly, facets of the design that had slid off my incredibly smooth brain like water from a duck's back became impossible to ignore. The placement of enemies and composition of their units, the precise natures of every individual weapon, the layout of each combat encounter: it all dovetailed into something I actually enjoyed ramming my head into over and over again.
And then there's Halo 2, which, battle rifle <3.
Released: September 24, 2024| Top 100 Score: 221.00
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Echo Point Nova is a sprawling open-world FPS for trickshot sickos. It's co-op Doom for friends who'd spend entire nights trying to do cool stuff in Tony Hawk or Skate. It's the "yes and" movement shooter unconcerned with rational speed limits and unapologetically made for a mouse. It's the cure to boomer shooter bloat—all killer, no filler, flow state action ripped out of a reality where Tribes sold more copies than Call of Duty.
Echo Point Nova is a beautiful object that I'm continually impressed by: 1-4 player co-op that's equal parts arena shooter and extreme sports platformer. It's got Crackdown agility orbs. You can slap stickers on your hoverboard. There's a modifier to turn on friendly fire, and another that makes the floor lava.
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: You can use a grappling hook on clouds, you can hoverboard up walls, and you can blast guys with a shotgun while backflipping in first person. What else is there to say?
Released: April 24, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 221.63
Jess Kinghorn, Hardware Writer: The isolated residents of Lumiere know their days are only ever counting down. Every year the Paintress across the sea wakes to inscribe a new number upon her monolith. If you're that age or older, well, time's up and you 'gommage', becoming nothing more than petals upon the breeze.
Staring down this end, the titular expeditioners instead choose to spend their final year of life taking the fight to the Paintress through many, many turn-based fights. The twist here is that combat features an element of timing, with perfect parries against nightmarish painted creations netting you devastating counter attacks.
Marinated in the angst of many classic console JRPGs from the early oughts, Clair Obscur wrings out its existential set up for all its worth with a cast of party members I'm actually close in age to. Between that, lively dust-ups, and world-building that wouldn't feel out of place in a premiere YA novel, it's little wonder this French-developed RPG has since become my whole personality.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I don't have enough good words to say about Clair Obscur—I could talk about its very competent and interesting spin on turn-based RPG combat, but what really hit me sideways was its story. Clair Obscur starts out a solid, intriguing jog, then breaks out into a dead sprint after the end of Act 2 that had me glued to my screen until I'd finished it.
It's rare my opinion on a narrative flips so quickly from mild enjoyment to absolute fascination, but Clair Obscur really did just pull a magic trick on me. Except the dove in this question was a fistful of existential dread, and the magician punched me in the face after yelling "tah-dah!"
Also, you can electrocute a mime to death and steal its baguette.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: The most aggressively French Final Fantasy X you can play, which I mean as a complement. I don't love it as much as some people on team—unlike Harvey, I wasn't enamoured by its third act—but overall there's much to praise about Clair Obscur's design, story and characters.
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: If I had my way, this game would be banned from the list forever just for those absolutely criminal Gestral Beach platforming sections.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I respect Phil's opinion, but not Robin's, and will be challenging him to single combat over it. The criminally terrible nature of the minigames is half of the point. All JRPGs need an optional, awfully-designed activity, like FF7 Remake's squatting section. Just be glad we didn't see Gustave drop it low.
Released: April 10, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 221.97
Chris Livingston, Senior Editor: I never would have guessed there'd be a fresh take on the now-ancient "walking around a mysterious house solving a bunch of puzzles" genre—but then Blue Prince became a nearly year-long obsession for me. Its roguelite elements can be occasionally frustrating, but the depth of the mansion's mysteries and the sheer brilliance of developer Tonda Ros' puzzle designs made this one of my favorite games of the past, I dunno, decade?
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Like a fool, I went into Blue Prince expecting a short, breezy 10-or-so-hour puzzler that I could lose myself in between playing larger games. But then it just… keeps going, each mystery hinting at something deeper than I ever expected. If I have one criticism of Blue Prince it's that, at the end of my 77 hours with the game, its late-late-late-late game puzzles became so obtuse that they wore out my patience. If I have a second criticism, it's that the Gallery room is some spectacular bullshit. Everything else, though? Flawless. A perfectly executed mystery box that keeps unfolding in fascinating ways, with an ambience that drives you forward into its surprising twists and heartfelt story.
Released: May 9, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 222.00
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Though recent DLC and support has been uneven at best, this nearly 10 year old 4X remains a wonderfully rich and dense simulation of a whole galaxy's worth of life, culture, and inevitably war. At this point in its life, it has almost every sci-fi trope you can imagine covered, playing out like a grand and remarkably coherent mash-up of every space sci-fi series in the universe.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Yeah, that's absolutely the appeal, here. Sure, it's a great real-time 4X, but there are loads of great 4Xs—Stellaris is special because it's like 20 great sci-fi games rolled into one. And it's elevated even further by the incredible mods, like Star Trek: New Horizons, an absurdly huge Star Trek mod that lets you take control of a species from the show, leading them from their first warp-flight adventures to galactic conquest. Stellaris is effectively the best Star Trek game ever made.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I am a sentient communist rock on a quest to dominate the galaxy. Also, Stellaris is good.
Released: August 11, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 222.00
Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: Cult of the Lamb is one of those games you expect to keep you entertained for a couple of hours, but quickly becomes an all consuming entity that perfectly blends cult management and heretic slaying roguelike mechanics. There is nothing better than running your own little cult full of woodland creatures who praise the very ground you walk on.
Elie Gould, News Writer: This game makes me go non-verbal for hours, would recommend.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: Since the first time I saw The Wicker Man I've wanted to be in charge of my own pagan settlement like Lord Summerisle. Cult of the Lamb comes closest to that, only instead of Chrisopher Lee at his peak I'm an adorable sheep.
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: There's such a magic to the way Cult of the Lamb mashes its two genres together. In some ways, both halves are quite shallow, and by the time I was done with my original run, I left the game feeling like I'd enjoyed my time with it but there wasn't enough depth to ever bring me back. A few months later, I had to jump back in just to check out one of the updates for a news piece… and before I knew it, I was completely hooked all over again, throwing myself at all the new post-game content.
It's the absolute definition of a game that's more than just the sum of its parts—the way village life and dungeon runs feed into each other makes for one of the best videogame hooks ever.
Released: February 17, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 222.00
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: The joy of early Total War games was the zoom. Order a block of soldiers around, then scroll the mousewheel and watch individual soldiers charge – mindblowing 25 years ago. Warhammer gives us back that joyous spectacle, because when you zoom in it's no longer dudes with spears, it's a bear-rider slamming into hot pink daemons.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: After 620 hours (not to mention 2,000 hours with the first and second), I still find myself loading up Total War: Warhammer 3 and hopping into Immortal Empires. The joy of Total War is that every campaign is different; new early game challenges, late-game obstacles, random factions in ascendancy—it lends itself so well to repeat play. This is also helped by Creative Assembly's continued support through DLC, but also via free updates and reworks that add entirely new features, such as Unusual Locations, or the Dwarf Deeps we got last year.
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: I've never been able to get on board with Total War. Something about the way combat works is just anathema to me—I can never quite find the fun in it. And yet I've spent hours and hours bashing my head against it in the Total War: Warhammer games, and even bought DLCs I'll probably never be brave enough to try.
I can't help myself—it's the pure authenticity of the series to the lore and history of Warhammer Fantasy that keeps me coming back despite my ineptitude. It's an absolute feast of nostalgia for a longtime fan like myself, bringing in elements from across the decades. Not only does it now include every proper faction the tabletop game had, it dives into wonderful obscurity, resurrecting unit and army ideas from one-off campaigns, hazily remembered White Dwarf articles and even stranger sources.
There are Warhammer games I prefer to play, but I don't think any of them can beat Total War: Warhammer for sheer density of reverence to the franchise.
Released: April 25, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 222.00
Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: What Remains of Edith Finch arrived towards the end of the walking sim craze that swept the 2010s indie scene, but it is, for me, the pinnacle of that movement. In telling the titular character's poignant family story, it is one of the most imaginative, creative, thoughtful, heartfelt and truly unpredictable adventures you'll ever play.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I reviewed What Remains of Edith Finch for PC Gamer back in 2017 and I absolutely stand by its 91% score. Just thinking about it now, all these years later, I still feel that knot in my gut: Such a brilliant yet powerfully sad story, made all the more sorrowful by its inevitability. Calling it a "walking simulator" is accurate but woefully inadequate. It is, as I said back then, a masterful piece of storytelling: Uplifting, devastating, and utterly unforgettable.
Released: October 6, 2014 | Top 100 Score: 222.32
Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: The best licensed game ever? Alien: Isolation is one of those rare examples of a game that truly 'gets' the source material, and its setting of Sevastopol is a brilliant slice of retro-futurist design that takes all its cues from the Nostromo while still feeling like its own place. Probably the single best piece of Alien media outside of the first two films, and also just straight-up one of the scariest things I've ever played.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: You're 100% right when you say it 'gets' the source material, Rich. I remember interviewing the Creative Director, Alistair Hope, about working on the game, and it was immediately obvious both him and the team were just massive Alien fans who'd essentially pushed and lobbied to get this made at Creative Assembly. It's still strange to think that the foremost British strategy developer made such an excellent survival horror game, but it shows what you can do when you respect and love the source material.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: No game ever had a better save mechanic. Saving your progress in Alien: Isolation means running up to a dreadfully exposed and wonderfully lit public phone and standing there like a lemon while you wait for the machine to stop beeping at you. It's a fantastic exercise in suspense: craning your head from side to side but unable to look behind you as you pray the xenomorph won't turn you into lunch while you're distracted. Perfection.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: It took a full decade for me to finish this game because I had to keep checking out. I'm a big ol' coward. But I kept coming back! I couldn't help myself. Alien is the pinnacle of sci-fi horror, and Alien: Isolation is the game that captures its horrible magic the best.
Released: August 8, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 223.13
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Oof, it hurts to put World here over 2025's Wilds, but the newer game's sublime monster-killing action can't overcome its flaws: PC performance, lacking challenge, and promising environment systems it does practically nothing with.
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: While Wilds is in desperate need of a redemption arc it may never get, World is a complete package.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: If I were stranded on a monster-infested island, this is the Monster Hunter I'd take with me.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: I mean, I'd probably just take my Insect Glaive… a copy of Monster Hunter World ain't going to do much when you throw it at that hungry Tigrex lumbering towards you.
Released: December 10, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 218.57, promoted by Ted Litchfield
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Sorry haters, I didn't need a Netflix anime or balance patch to realize a simple truth in December 2020: Cyberpunk was always good. Sure, its many patches really made it sing, but I took the long view from the start: Many all-timer RPGs (some further down this list) were overambitious, uneven, and technically quite shit at launch. CD Projekt, you watch the streets, Troika will watch the skies.
Night City is a triumph, a union of graphical grunt and art direction that has 2077 remaining a benchmarker's favorite. Cyberpunk's main quest is better plotted and paced than The Witcher 3's, while it continues CDPR's industry-leading standard of quality and quantity for side content. The sidequest centering on a VR recreation of Christ's Passion made out of an actual snuff film is pure Philip K. Dickian sci-fi excellence, and one of my very favorite quests in RPG history.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Unlike our true believer Ted here, I had the fortune of coming to Cyberpunk 2077 late—and while I'm willing to take his word for it that the game endured a harsher reception than was strictly deserved, I'm kinda glad I waited. The game I wound up playing was incredibly put together and, best of all, my car didn't explode at random intervals. Phantom Liberty is also a masterclass in DLC, somehow managing to patch itself into the central nervous system of Night City without ruining anything.
Regardless of its jank history, Cyberpunk 2077 has been forged into an all-timer RPG that's deservedly up there with the greats. Also, in the grim corporate future, you can go Cool/Reflex and wavedash your enemies to death.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Like Harvey, I waited nearly four years before jumping into Cyberpunk 2077, and as far as I'm concerned it was the best thing I could've done. The game I played was brilliant: Occasionally hinky, as such massive undertakings inevitably are, but solid, steady, and alive in a way that precious few games are. The city is largely an illusion, yes, but the sensation of depth is so well done—I fast-travelled once to see what it was like, but otherwise I drove everywhere, or often just walked so I could more easily take it all in. Yeah, the future is godawful by every measure, but I could not get enough of it.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I just love Johnny Silverhand, is the thing. He's a prick, an egotist, a selfish asshole, and my bestest pal in the whole world. Getting to know the guy—who never stops being a dickhead, but who has a lot of depth nonetheless—was my favourite part of the whole Cyberpunk 2077 experience.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Neither here nor there as far as 2077 goes, but this is the one thing that gives me pause about Cyberpunk 2. How do you possibly pull it off without Johnny?
Released: September 14, 2012 | Top 100 Score: 223.41
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Call it nostalgia, but FTL is still one of the first roguelikes I'd recommend to friends. Its Star Trek trappings compliment its narrative pit stops perfectly, and I've yet to play a game since that weaponizes door controls.
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: I'm surprised to see it make our list. I think countless roguelikes have made meals out of its ingredients that leave FTL looking like the primordial soup of modern roguelikes.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Few of the roguelikes that came after it nailed the fundamentals so effortlessly, though. So many of these games are described as "FTL but…" when all we really need is good old fashioned FTL. There's a reason why, all these years later, it's still inspiring studios and comparisons.
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Playing the more recent (also great!) Cobalt Core reinforced for me that FTL nailed the essentials; there's so much room for panic, disaster, triage, and triumph in the moments you're micromanaging your crew.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: FTL, a game that can be summed up as: Space hates you. Space hates you so much.
Released: October 20, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 223.57
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: I'm a certain kind of sucker, and that kind is "put Castlevania stuff in a game and I'll play it." Vampire Survivors pioneered a certain type of breezy time wasting, but after becoming a smash success it began stacking on secrets, characters, and just more more more. It's generous in a way I haven't seen since Terraria. Still, it took the Castlevania expansion to make me fall in love.
It offers structure Vampire Survivors lacked, with a castle to progress through and a huge cast of heroes to unlock by defeating a lore-appropriate boss or upgrading a key weapon, like a grenade into a rocket launcher. (After centuries of Belmonts failing to off Dracula with whips, 21st century teen Soma Cruz got serious). Call it Unlocking Fun Toys: The Game.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Just a lethal, time-devouring videogame. You know the phantom cigar Venom Snake gets in MGS5? It's that. Fire it up on a flight and before you've looked up from the OLED glow of your Steam Deck you're at passport control.
Released: October 27, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 224.42
Elie Gould, News Writer: A truly horrifying experience that somehow makes me feel impressed and grateful for all the wonderful quirky monstrosities as they scare the living daylight out of me.
Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: When Elie recommends you play a horror game, it's always a good move to listen. No one knows horror like them, and Alan Wake 2 was one of the games that they simply couldn't (and still can't) stop talking about. Having now put myself through the terrors, I completely understand why.
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Alan Wake 2 feels like Remedy's quirky, distinctive style at its most unrestrained. Weirdness, melodrama, and highly specific Nordic references abound, packed into a story layered across different mediums woven seamlessly together. From novel pages to radio excerpts to TV ads to a sprawling FBI pinboard to an entire Finnish horror movie, there's so much to explore and experience in the game—all of it contributing to making Alan Wake's world feel expansive and lived-in.
Released: March 29, 2005 | Top 100 Score: 224.57
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Our staff tends to skew toward the Looking Glass lineage of stealth games, but Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is the sneak-em-up I keep installed for a rainy day. The controls are a bit weird now, but Chaos Theory is still unmatched in terms of pure sneaking. Sam Fisher's dynamic crouching animations build tension when approaching guards, and Michael Ironside's commanding performance is still a treat.
But really, it's the levels that make Chaos Theory an amazing replay to this day. The cargo ship, the bank, Hokkaido—Ubisoft just nailed it on the third go-around. What stands out about Chaos Theory now, and why I still consider it "fresh" compared to today's stealth genre, is its tight, linear encounter design that offers multiple solutions without giving so much freedom that challenge is optional (the Far Cry and MGSV approach).
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Morgan's nailed it. I'm a sucker for a ship level, and Chaos Theory's cargo ship stands at the pinnacle of the trope.
Released: September 17, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 224.73
Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: It may be 12 years old, but Grand Theft Auto 5 is the best open-world crime simulator out there today. Driven in part by the success of its now standalone offshoot GTA Online, GTA 5 has shown remarkable staying power—with its Legacy and Enhanced editions both staples at the higher end of Steam's most played charts week-to-week. GTA 6 is coming, but, right now, GTA 5 still ain't going anywhere.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I'm almost annoyed at how compelling GTA Online can be, because it's an absolute mess of a thing—one of the most unintuitive online experiences around. The fantasy of it far outstrips what Rockstar actually delivered back in the early 2010's, but there's nothing else like it even today. At its best, it's an effortless story generator—a frequently hilarious way to spend time with friends. Just be prepared to also have to deal with it at its worst.
Released: January 25, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 224.73
Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: Survival horror has made some phenomenal strides in recent years, with a deluge of old-school remakes reimagining a golden era of the genre for newer audiences. The Resident Evil 2 remake is pretty much responsible for that, taking us back in time with Leon Kennedy and Claire Redfield as they fight to survive Raccoon City's zombie apocalypse. Shinier and scarier, the RE2 remake is the quintessential retelling of a classic.
Elie Gould, News Writer: Is this the scariest Resident Evil? No. Is it the wackiest? Also no. But it does manage to straddle the two in a way that somehow makes it the most Evil Resident of them all.
Released: May 13, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 225.00
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: DRG's popularity isn't just enduring, it's wonderfully enthusiastic—no other online multiplayer community is anywhere near as relentlessly positive. And I really think that's a reflection of the kind of game DRG is.
It's not just about coordinated violence, it's about true cooperation—working together to creatively solve tricky problems. And thanks to some of the best deployed procedural generation in the industry, those problems are ever-fresh, as you discover unique and endlessly surprising environments with your fellow dwarves.
Meanwhile, the atmosphere of blue collar camaraderie and the entirely uncynical progression system wonderfully foster a sense of genuine dwarven pride. Rock and stone, to the bone.
Rory Norris, Guides Writer: Did I hear a rock and stone?
Released: May 14, 2021 | Top 100 Score: 225.16
Robert Jones, Print Editor: The fact that this remastered trilogy is frequently going for five bucks on Steam is just ridiculous, as it delivers the definitive way to play the entire Mass Effect trilogy, which remains buckets of fun today in 2025. Yes, sure, the quite clunky third-person cover shooting now feels a little dated, and the whole Paragon/Renegade morality system childishly simple, but the world, characters and writing remain great reasons to board the Normandy.
Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: The military conspiracy plot is a bit more Call of Duty than I would've admitted back in the day, but the Mass Effect trilogy is still the most I've felt like the Picard of a little spaceship, getting to know a quirky and loveable crew of humans and aliens in a way that isn't hurried or couched in irony.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: We're PC Gamer, and this is our 66th favourite videogame on the Citadel.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: These are some of my favorite games of all time, but it's still insane that they let you punch a reporter and a ton of gamers took it as an epic win moment. Khalisah Bint Sinan al-Jilani was right. They let a deep state black ops killer just go nuts across the galaxy with no oversight. Commander Shepard should have been dishonorably discharged for punching her, relegated to hosting an operator space podcast where he hawked N7-themed coffee and nootropics.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Ted… I've had enough of your disingenuous assertions.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Shepard should've been discharged for banging a subordinate, Ted. I don't think the Systems Alliance is real big on the whole "rules" thing.
Released: August 21, 2012 | Top 100 Score: 225.40
Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: Counter-Strike 2 is a very Valve game. It's billed as the first true sequel in series history, but it's really more about being the definitive version of the same competitive shooter we've been playing for decades, with the focus on improvements to things like smoke physics, UI and contemporary quality-of-life features. In a field packed with would-be rivals, there's a reason CS2 attracts 30 million players a month: It's still as brilliant as ever.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: It's the spot to go to get screamed at by Russian teenagers.
Elie Gould, News Writer: Amidst all the big glossy visual upgrades CS2 still manages to not be optimised very well, but hey, did you see how bullets pierce smoke? That's pretty cool. But I'll take just about anything at this point, I couldn't get Valorant or Overwatch 2 onto the top 100, but at least there's CS2.
Released: June 28, 2000 | Top 100 Score: 225.55
Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: I'm still not convinced that this genre is better with flashier lighting effects, non-stop rebalancing patches, and battle passes. The Diablo 2: Resurrected remaster is excellent if you want a more modern (but not too modern) way to play through a classic ARPG adventure that came out before hell had to be experienced through a film of live service cruft.
Jake Tucker, PC Gaming Show Editorial Director: Diablo 2 Resurrected made basically no changes and proved good design is eternal. Later Diablo titles always have a "but" in there somewhere, but Diablo 2 is astonishingly fun, letting you steamroll entire dungeons for the sweet, sweet loot within.
Released: November 29, 2006 | Top 100 Score: 225.82
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I used to spend long hours surfing Garry's Mod's server browser, just to see what strange, esoteric game modes I could find—like a hyperspecific Quantum Leap themed entirely around Half-Life 2 assets and late-'00s internet humour. Maybe this time I'm a watermelon, racing other watermelons across an abstract obstacle course suspended in the air. Next time it could be anything—RP, bunnyhop platforming, zombie horde shooting, whatever the server owner had cobbled together.
Elie Gould, News Writer: I went to dinner with some mates the other day, and it quickly just devolved into us talking about how much we miss playing Trouble in Terrorist Town, even if no one in the group can lie to save their life. Gary's Mod had so many gems, many of which play an influential role in tons of games to this day.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I'm very, very glad Elie's mentioned the good ol' TTT—because I feel everybody forgets that games like Among Us had their roots there. Kids these days don't know their history.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: When I was 14 years old, I had to get my first colonoscopy for ulcerative colitis and spent the entire day before chugging laxative mixed with Gatorade, pooping my goddamn brains out until my entire body was emptied of refuse and sin.
I spent that day playing a custom Garry's Mod racing game where you launched a watermelon and bounced around with Source physics, potentially breaking apart if you crashed into a surface too hard. For some reason, this is now a crystalized, fond memory for me. 10/10 one of the Games of All Time.
62. Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 2
Released: December 6, 2004 | Top 100 Score: 226.00
Robert Jones, Print Editor: Still, twenty years later, the most interesting Star Wars game ever made, as well as a fantastic (albeit unfinished) RPG. Some of the characters, but notably Kreia, are GOAT territory, and they're brought to life by mature and challenging writing that takes the Star Wars universe into areas no other Star Wars game, TV show, or film has done. Hey Disney, can we have more Star Wars stories like this, please?
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Most of Star Wars is playing checkers while KotOR 2 was beating Deep Blue at chess. Star Wars is a beloved setting with history, politics, and economics that make no sense, but The Sith Lords took it extremely seriously, following its ideas to their logical conclusions, and the result is the best Star Wars story ever.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Sara Kestelman's performance as Kreia is perfect, and KOTOR 2 would be severely diminished without her. It's an all-timer act made all the more impressive by the fact Kestelman isn't a videogame voice actor—this is one of only two games she ever featured in, and she spent the rest of her life on the stage. And yet, she turned in one of the most iconic performances ever as everyone's favourite objectivist space grandma.
Released: August 1, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 226.20
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: If somebody walks in at the wrong time they can get the wrong idea about a game. To my girlfriend, Yakuza 0 is that game where you help weirdoes like the wimpy rock band who want to be tough. Only she's right. I've heard "real fans" care about the plot and the oddball substories aren't a big deal. Real fans can get lost: Yakuza 0 is about helping a kid buy a spank mag.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Wait, I thought Yakuza 0 was a Scalextric simulator?
Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: Guys stop, Yakuza 0 is a cabaret club management sim.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: One of my only saved screenshots on Steam is a picture of my real estate manager—a chicken called Nugget—engaged in a 'money battle' with someone named 'the Pleasure King' for dominance of an establishment called the 'No-Panties BBQ'. Yakuza 0 is a story about organised crime.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I'd point out that its main story is genuinely the highpoint of the series, extracting serious melodrama and pathos out of its inciting battle over a small plot of abandoned Tokyo turf. But who am I to stand in the way of the memes?
Released: September 12, 2013 | Top 100 Score: 226.61
Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: Few games are as crunchy as Arma 3, and that's probably a good thing. Twist your fingers around the unforgiving interface and put up with the woeful performance, however, and you'll find the milsim to end all milsims. It's the best "hike for two hours before being shot in a bush" simulator on the market, and at least one of those should make this list, right?
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: Low-key an outstanding hangout game with lots of downtime and goofing off. Still one of the biggest banner-carriers for modding and user-generated content on PC.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Seriously, though, don't sleep on the depth of Arma 3's Steam Workshop page. If you're looking for a recommendation, I have lost many an hour to Pilgrimage, a singleplayer scenario that tasks you with retrieving the body of your deceased brother from one of the many churches found across Altis's enormous map. Think of it like an orienteering RPG—you help civilians and interrogate soldiers in order to gain clues that help you narrow down your initially overwhelming needle-in-a-haystack search.
Released: September 10, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 227.14
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Satisfactory is a building game about optimization in the same way that eating is about ingesting calories. You could take the most boring path to efficiency, but wouldn't you rather spend weeks designing a series of artfully suspended conveyor belts that deliver pizzas straight into your mouth? Why live off chicken and broccoli when you could build a tower taller than god whose only purpose is producing the exact number of ingredients needed to assemble one perfect al pastor burrito every 15 seconds?
…It's possible this metaphor has gone way off track. But that's what Satisfactory is all about really: devoting hours to silly, elaborate, or mathematically precise constructs in whatever form you find creatively nourishing. Harnessing a huge open world sandbox of resources to graduate from making iron bars up to non-fusile uranium sometimes first requires building an elevated train network from one corner of the planet to the other, y'know?
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: On my journey to exploring efficient factory design, I used the Satisfactory Tools site's calculator to create a deranged nightmare spaghetti hell of industry that outputs 2.819 rotors and 0.598 assemblers per minute. I keep it around purely to irritate the sort of player who would have an aneurism at that sort of behaviour.
58. Stalker: Call of Prypiat – Enhanced Edition
Released: May 20, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 227.17
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Some of us want to be the heroes of grand, sweeping fantasy narratives. Others want to be shot to death for a tin of Spam in a world that doesn't care about you. Call of Prypiat's ever-lovable, ever-janky Zone is the home of the latter camp, at least while GSC finishes cooking its last run of patches for Stalker 2.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: One of my many, many dirty gamer secrets is that I can't really differentiate between the games of the original Stalker series. Who's to say what really happened in any of them? But Joshua is absolutely correct: The vibe of the place, and its absolute willingness to kill you at any time, is unsurpassed. I loved just being there: The purpose of my presence was almost irrelevant.
Released: March 17, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 227.60
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Listen, I think we've all probably hopped on the 'haha, game with sexy androids' train when it comes to Nier: Automata. Behind that gentle mockery, though, is the understanding that Yoko Taro made one of the most effective, haunting, and unique action RPGs out there. And that you can do that while still having sexy androids—these aren't mutually exclusive ideas.
Its freshness score is only so low, in my mind, because it shifted the landscape in ways we're all a bit tired of. Its imitators might be able to replicate the hot robot people, but they're seldom able to duplicate the deep, existential dread the game heaps upon you. It also exists in the Kojima-brand tradition of "there ain't no rules saying a game has to move in a straight line"—taking some truly big swings as to what you can get away with when designing a videogame.
Also, its soundtrack is one of the best in the business. Look me in the eye and tell me that Possessed by Disease isn't a banger, I double-dare you.
56. System Shock 2: 25th Anniversary Remaster
Released: June 26, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 228.00
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Sorry to JC Denton, but System Shock 2 is my favourite imsim of all time. Its pitch-perfect horror, innumerable secrets, endless character builds, and absolutely unhinged techno soundtrack combine to produce a game I'll never stop coming back to as long as I live, especially with Nightdive's fantastic remaster that finally hit this year.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I love this game to bits, particularly the Nightdive Remaster, but I've got to dissent on which System Shock we put on the list this year: I think the best place for a new player to start in the series is Nightdive's 2023 full remake of System Shock 1, which is also my gold standard for a videogame remake.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Long story short, System Shock 2 is the game that cemented my love for videogames. I have no idea what prompted me to buy it—probably just the nifty box—but I was hooked immediately. Joshua is correct across the board but I also have to shout out the audio effects: The voices of Shodan and Xerxes, the screams of mutant monkeys in empty halls, the lonely warbling of cyborg assassins, and even the background beeping of computer systems are pitch-perfect and unforgettable. When I see System Shock 2, I hear System Shock 2.
Released: October 13, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 228.00
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Wonderfully intricate detective puzzles unfold into a bizarre and fascinating narrative spanning decades of alternate history. Also, everyone has the most brilliantly ugly faces you've ever seen.
Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: I know we sometimes play a game and think it would make a great movie (and we're almost always wrong) but I would absolutely love to see Color Gray Games' adventure turned into a book. The story—the complete story we slowly piece together while solving bizarre murders—would be perfect for a sprawling, gritty, gruesome novel about a mysterious item that inspires brutality and backstabbery among any who possess it.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I played purely because it kept cropping up in the Top 100, despite everything about its screenshots suggesting it would not be my thing. I'm glad I did, because it's a pitch-perfect puzzler—a real triumph in staring long and hard at a scene, investigating all the hidden notes and clues, and just really figuring out what the hell is going on. It's incredibly satisfying to piece together and, while you're in the game itself, those grotesque dioramas have an intense charm and intrigue. It's a must play for mystery enjoyers.
Released: May 2, 2002 | Top 100 Score: 228.14
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: The last time Bethesda felt like it had something to say. Morrowind is a (spice) melange of influences ranging from Dune to The Dark Crystal, filled with murky morality and strange politics and set in one of the few fantasy worlds that feel actually fantastical. Also you can get so hopped up on Dunmer drugs you can kill god with a single blow, which you can't do in Skyrim without several speciality mods.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Something really telling is that every Elder Scrolls game up through Oblivion basically had its own art style, and then Skyrim looked like a real callback to Morrowind in its race, armor, and weapon designs⁠—there's even the Dragonborn DLC that takes us back to Solstheim.
When Virtuos then remade Oblivion, it skewed the art heavily toward Morrowind/Skyrim. I haven't even gotten into the lore of Morrowind, which is equally foundational to the series, but Morrowind defined how the Elder Scrolls looks.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: To me, Morrowind represents the last time Bethesda acted like it had something to prove, rather than something to lose. Bold, weird, dark, janky, and genuinely alien, Morrowind remains the best Elder Scrolls game ever made, and it's not even close.
Released: August 8, 2013 | Top 100 Score: 228.33
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Papers, Please is the only game I've ever played that makes you want to win so you can lose on purpose, later. It's a magic trick I've seen few games replicate since, and without nearly the same clarity of purpose.
Yes, spot the difference games are interesting—but the real core of Papers, Please lies in how its bleak story gnaws at its central mechanics. The task of figuring out whether someone's paperwork is valid is almost entirely secondary to the question of 'what are you gonna do about it?'
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: I talked to creator Lucas Pope about how now this game feels, and he said, "You want your work to be relevant, but at the same time, wow, I really wish it was not that fucking relevant." If Papers, Please convinces even 0.1% of the people who play it that the global right-wing backlash against immigrants and asylum seekers is deeply wrong, it will be one of the most important videogames ever made.
Joe Donnelly, PC Gaming Show Deputy Editor: Indeed, few games evoke the 'life imitating art vs art imitating life' dichotomy quite like Papers, Please, and that's terrifying unto itself—even more so 12 years on. But from a purely video game perspective, Lucas Pope's breakout hit is a super-intelligent, meticulous management sim that's equal parts thought-provoking and heartbreaking.
Released: December 1, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 228.43
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: When Rainbow Six Siege launched disastrously in 2015, folks were understandably ready to write it off. But Ubisoft knew it had something genuinely unique on its hands, and ten years of updates later, Siege really has never been better.
The Siege X update (bad name, Ubisoft, go back to the old one) took a big swing by adding Siege's first new primary mode since launch: Dual Front is a 6v6 twist on Siege where teams have to attack and defend at the same time. I never thought I'd be in favor of a Siege mode with respawns, but here we are.
Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: The buggiest game that I play anyway. Its casual mode sits at just the right middle ground between competitive and chill to bring seasoned Counter-Strike players together with 'just let me play with gadgets' types. I still haven't played another multiplayer shooter that makes swinging through a window or smashing through a wall as fun.
Released: November 3, 2009 | Top 100 Score: 228.60
Robert Jones, Print Editor: A landmark fantasy RPG which, on release, laid the foundation for the genre for years to come. With funny and moving writing, an exquisite dark fantasy tone, GOAT characters like Witch of the Wilds, Morrigan, and full-fat RPG systems that let you play the game your way, Origins remains the best Dragon Age experience and a must-play for fantasy RPG fans. Without Origins, there is no Baldur's Gate 3.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Larian and Obsidian aside, they just don't make 'em like Origins, anymore. A crystallisation of BioWare's golden age of RPG design, Dragon Age doesn't let the fact its dark and gritty get in the way of heartwarming character development, a good joke (swooping is bad), or a charming party full of bickering idiots.
In particular, Dragon Age understands something about dark fantasy that a lot of other games get wrong: Misery loves company. If you have a miserable game and/or setting, you need to have people in it worth fighting for to make things better. I'm glad Larian picked up the baton, but I'll always pay reverence to the OG RPG.
Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: If anything, Origins should have an even higher importance score. This is the game that set a new bar for RPGs that BioWare itself struggled to clear thereafter. I don't think we'll ever get a Mass Effect-style remaster on this one and I won't claim it's aged well, but the characters here are the blueprint for the past 15 years of RPGs we've had since.
Released: February 9, 1999 | Top 100 Score: 229.20
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Forget Civ, folks, Alpha Centauri is still the best 4X Firaxis has ever made. The exceptional faction design, unusual setting and simmering sci-fi story have kept this a must-play for decades. Civ might have established the 4X playbook, but Alpha Centauri showed us what 4Xs could be with a bit of imagination—something bold and bizarre and brimming with character. Please play it—the drones need you.
Few other studios have attempted to continue this mostly-dead evolutionary thread, with the exception of the brilliant Endless Legend and its early access sequel, which is sadly not on this list but absolutely deserves to be.
Released: October 21, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 229.27
Robert Jones, Print Editor: While I still hold Persona 3 to be the highlight of this series, there's no doubting that, objectively, Persona 5 Royal is the best version of Atlus' magical JRPG high school drama simulator to date. Royal boasts the most immersive world, slickest turn-based combat system, and cutest animal sidekick of the series to date.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: Atlus continues to milk the Phantom Thieves for all their worth, and for good reason: Persona 5 Royal is a top-notch JRPG with an excellent cast, banging soundtrack, and meticulously-designed dungeons that put it a step above its predecessors.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Persona 5 Royal is also the best 'routine' JRPG I've ever played. If you love that whole vibe of going to school, hanging out with friends in the city, working your part time job etc, then its academic year structure is perfect.
Released: May 12, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 229.29
Andrea Shearon, Evergreen Writer: Truly the last Final Fantasy of its kind, FF10 and its sequel bookend an era of series greats that started with FF6 in the '90s and refused to slow down for decades. The remastered RPG lost some of the original art direction's charm, but Yuna's selfless pilgrimage is one of the best examples of Square Enix in its turn-based prime.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: There's no other game quite like Final Fantasy 10. A gripping love story, my favourite iteration of turn-based combat, and immaculate vibes that span from the gorgeous Macalania Woods to the gruelling Thunder Plains.
Its sequel is also brutally underrated, sporting a stellar job-based combat system and a more lighthearted story that perfectly compliments the more sinister undertones of its predecessor.
Released: November 16, 2004 | Top 100 Score: 229.85
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I always try to sell Bloodlines to potential converts as a prototype New Vegas, translating the flexible RPG design of 2D Fallout to full 3D. But it also delivers an unforgettable atmosphere the likes of which we may never see again in games, wedding grungy noir, aughts raver culture, and gothic vampire fantasy.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: We're writing this before Bloodlines 2 comes out, so this isn't commentary on the sequel. We just really bloody love Bloodlines.
Yes, sure, it does have too much combat in the back half, but you can easily trivialize that by spending some XP to improve your combat—and Bloodlines gives away XP like nobody's business so quit complaining.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Has any other game had a soundtrack as banging as Bloodlines? Killer tracks from top to bottom, all of them absolutely on point as an aural encapsulation of turn-of-the-millennium goth Los Angeles in idealized fantasy. And Rik Schaffer's score is every bit its equal: The man absolutely understood the assignment.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I fired this bad boy up again after my hands-on with Bloodlines 2 left me with a craving but, while I still love it, I think we've reached the point now where I probably wouldn't recommend it to new players unless they are into videogame archaeology. Even with mods and community patches, it's a rough, janky, ugly game that just doesn't feel pleasant to play in 2025. The caveats now outweigh the points in its favour. It will always be one of my faves, though, and if you have a high tolerance for rough, jagged edges then it might become one of yours.
Released: June 15, 2021 | Top 100 Score: 231.33
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: Basically 'what if your XCOM runs were also procedurally-generated D&D campaigns?'. It's really remarkable how rich the stories Wildermyth's layered systems churn out are, as you travel across the map and fight tense turn-based battles. Characters grow, change, accomplish greatness, suffer hardship, and if they're lucky retire and have children who go on to have their own adventures. And sometimes somewhere in there they get turned into a frog-man.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: As Robin points out, in replicating the feel of a TTRPG campaign, Wildermyth understands that it isn't just about fantasy heroics—it's about how absolutely baffling the before/after picture of a character in your mind is. Because sometimes they are a frog, now.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: When recommending this, which I often do, I tend to avoid mentioning XCOM. It's got turn-based tactical combat, but it's not going to scratch an XCOM-shaped itch. Instead, this is a game for those of us obsessed with procedural storytelling and dramatic character development—the kind of folk who want to be able to cram a brilliant years-long D&D campaign into an afternoon. Few other games satiate this desire so well, and none so concisely.
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Wildermyth's real magic takes place across campaigns as your past characters are woven into new adventures as figures emerging from your own bespoke folk mythology. It's a game that understands how stories and characters aren't static: They evolve and change with each telling.
Released: October 24, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 232.00
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: Slapstick Quake. Straftat is the world's only French 1v1 FPS that features cigarettes as cosmetic DLC, a brutalist playground that you bring variously clownish and exotically violent weapons into. There are an uncountable number of maps: some feel like Mario Party (an ice luge Möbius strip where you have to catch falling guns), others like a fighter jet duel. A generous July update added 1v1v1v1 and 2v2. The best free FPS on Steam.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Despite its rapid-fire format, STRAFTAT successfully mimics a relaxed multiplayer environment that we don't get much of anymore. It's a LAN party in a can—unserious, infinitely repeatable fun best enjoyed with friends who can talk trash but still appreciate a wild play.
Released: Februrary 27, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 232.80
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: Our 2018 Game of the Year and the most replayable turn-based game on PC. Deploying teams of giant robots that move in different chess-piece patterns (appropriately, on an 8x8 grid), Into the Breach asks you to defend Earth's few remaining cities from waves of kaiju monsters. The game's achievement is the disproportionate amount of strategic thinking it draws out of the three humble units you control (my favorite is the Judo mech, which suplexes monsters over its head). On Unfair difficulty, every round is a set of life-or-death decisions against Deep Blue Mothra. Ben Prunty's soundtrack does heavy lifting to make its pixel art feel cinematic and somber.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Into the Breach's great trick is telling you exactly what your opponent is about to do—an insight into just how badly things will go unless you intervene. If you can't kill an enemy this turn, maybe you can use your mech squad's abilities to manipulate your foes in such a way that all their attacks miss and nothing is destroyed. That's the dream, but in practice it means a lot of hard choices about what you're prepared to sacrifice.
Released: April 27, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 232.92
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Harvey sat down to write a few dozen words about the Stanley Parable—but as he put his fingers to his keyboard, he realised it'd be a mighty task indeed to convey how its omnipresent narrator is one of the best running gags in all of videogames. He chose, instead, to write a pale imitation of him, as though it might liven his copy up a bit.
Really, he should've mentioned that The Stanley Parable is almost singular in how much simple, unapologetic fun it has with its premise, sprinkled (as all good comedy is) with just a touch of existential dread.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Who the hell was that guy?
Released: April 27, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 233.13
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Kerbal Space Program is the perfect distillation of two of my favourite things: space exploration and abject failure. It's a sandbox about building rockets—all complex physics and advanced mathematics—but from the perspective of silly, slapstick critters. The onus is always more on doing than thinking. Slapping together a bunch of parts, shooting your creation into space, and learning from the inevitable.
There's a career mode if you want some direction for your tinkering, but for me the joy has always been striving for the next big milestone. Go to space, reach the nearest moon, land on the nearest moon, and so on. Maybe one day I'll even set my sights on the biggest challenge of all: Rescuing the many, many Kerbals that I've left stranded up in space.
Released: February 24, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 233.45
Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: I do wonder if the launch of Silksong will knock our high praise for Hollow Knight down a notch, but let's be real. Nothing will beat that initial feeling of being utterly lost in Hallownest. Or, if you're anything like me, the frustration of frequently failing to beat the Mantis Lords. Seriously, the amount of times I've had to step away from Hollow Knight before I break something needs to be studied. But, I still come back time and time again.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Team Cherry was brave enough to ask: Can you make Dark Souls and Metroid as cosy as a mug of hot chocolate, sipped by a rainy window? Turns out, yes.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Chiming in months after Harvey and Kara wrote their blurbs⁠—which were done before we even learned a release date⁠—and Silksong-mania has taken gaming by storm. Not the six year pre-release Silksong-mania. I'm talking everybody playing, loving, and complaining about the difficulty in this game.
Silksong is a bigger and better sequel and a huge 2025 GOTY contender, but I think Hollow Knight still stands as the game a new player should check out first⁠—the memey joke is that Hollow Knight is the tutorial for its challenging sequel.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I can concur with Ted that Silksong is absolutely brutal. Nothing in Hollow Knight prepared me for Flea Dodge. If you're looking to check out Team Cherry's work, start here: It'll build up the callouses you need on your d-pad thumb for later.
Released: May 8, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 234.00
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Obsidian made the best CRPG of the last decade in 2018, and then no one played it. The sequel to (the excellent but dry) Pillars 1 swapped out the OG's Faerûn-style rolling green plains for Caribbean colonialism, putting you smack-bang in the middle of factions competing for the rights to control and exploit the Deadfire region and forcing you to decide which one you can tolerate most. Oh, and you're pursuing a resurrected god who's inhabited a 300-metre-tall statue that used to live beneath your house. That's also a problem, sure.
Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: Having put far too many hours into this fantasy pirate simulator (whaddaya mean it's a regular CRPG with a salty skin?) feels like having played one of PC gaming's best kept secrets at this point. It's not perfect, but I'd personally rate it higher than the original. You can fight me in the nearest tavern, if you like.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: A well deserved place for Deadfire as one of only two games with the Cipher, one of my very favorite RPG classes. Think a weapon DPS rogue with psychic mind powers. Deadfire even adds a multiclassing option, letting you pair Cipher with Rogue, a "goated" combination, as the kids say.
Released: August 27, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 234.32
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: What earns this horror-cowboy extraction shooter a recurring spot in the Top 100 is how extraordinarily organic its gunfights are. When you stumble on another team in one of Hunt's realistic, variegated forests, it feels truly spontaneous because you used your eyes and ears to find them, not UI. Hunt's audio tech is unmatched for fidelity, precise enough to let you land a blind shot through a wall after hearing an opponent's crouched footstep on the other side.
I love the way its generally slow-firing, 1896 weaponset gives firefights rhythm and pacing, in contrast to the mag-dumping firehoses we wield in most other FPSes.
Released: January 23, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 234.58
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Listen. I know we're all sick of roguelike deckbuilders (I'm not) and that we're tired of diving in for one more run (couldn't be me)—but you have to give it up for Slay the Spire: A game so deliciously moreish that it kicked an entire genre into the stratosphere. If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then Slay the Spire is being flooded with smutty letters from every indie dev wanting to capture the same magic.
You might also say it inspired a little too many deckbuilders, but I feel discourse of that ilk ignores what Slay the Spire does well. Which is to say, a lot—all of its classes interact in different, interesting ways with its relics, it's not unbearably hard, its encounters are cool and interesting (well, mostly—I loathe the Time Eater), and it's got some great end-game scaling in its Ascension levels.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: Every time I try another roguelike deckbuilder I reinstall Slay the Spire, and every time I realize I still like Slay the Spire more than whatever the new hotness is.
Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: I've had the same experience as Jody. I do think Monster Train is cool, but the high from my first Slay the Spire infinite combo still hasn't fully worn off. The artwork deserves recognition: It looks like a game designed by a talented and unusually industrious child, which I mean entirely as a compliment. The characters and creatures give the impression that they were designed spontaneously, and the Spire has stuck in my head like a place visited in a dream.
Released: January 20, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 234.62
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: A grand tour of exotic locations filled with terrible people waiting to be creatively murdered. I love it so much that I'm willing to wear a suit to work.
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: What I deeply love about modern Hitman is how smoothly it transforms you into a sicko. The signposted mission stories don't just serve up ideal assassination opportunities. They act as a survey course for later lethal experimentation: You might pass by more wrenches, chef's knives, body dumpsters, and conveniently unattended drinking glasses than you'll need at the moment, but they'll be part of your arsenal when you return for future murders.
Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: Ever since Hitman, I've viewed the entire real world through a murder sandbox filter. Touring the Kentucky bourbon trail? Agent 47 would totally push someone into a giant fermentation tank. Trip to Disney World? Agent 47 would dress up as staff and sneak through the hidden back halls. Local water park? Oh heck yeah, Agent 47 would skip to the front of the giant slide line dressed like a lifeguard. I can't unsee the costume-based social engineering and stealth of it all.
Released: July 25, 2001 | Top 100 Score: 235.00
Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: Remedy's classic third-person shooter is such a perfect crystallization of the turn-of-the-millennium action genre: The fixation on slow-motion and flying debris, the comic book influence (before everything credited comics), the sulky noir tone that you can't quite call parody, even if it is purposefully too much. Ragdolls went out of fashion too quickly, as did fight scenes in tile-walled subway stations and the sort of fourth-wall-breaking seen in The Matrix's distorted green WB logo and Max Payne's in-character quit screen messages ("I was afraid to go on").
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: What's made the original Max Payne age so well is that its fights aren't really fights—they're high speed combat puzzles. As you dive into each room, the goal is always to figure out how to clear it before you even hit the ground, living in those moments of perfect slow motion action.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: "The rain was coming down like all the angels in heaven had decided to take a piss at the same time" may be the single greatest line in videogame history. I still like to roll it out in conversation now and then.
Released: August 8, 2013 | Top 100 Score: 235.04
Evan Lahti, Strategic Director: PC gaming's Mario. As you descend deeper into this excavatory platformer, Spelunky makes you feel perpetual precarity. The many randomly-arranged dangers along your path makes reaching its many secrets incredibly sweet. To gain entrance to the City of Gold, you have to find four Egyptian artifacts in painstaking fashion, then die and be resurrected on a specific level in order to discover the entrance. I put 376 hours into Spelunky 2.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I'm a sucker for any game where you occasionally have to pause the action and spend some time trying to work out what the hell just happened. What random confluence of events—what happenstance of consistent systemic interaction—caused the shopkeeper to be mad at me? Spelunky 2 is a game for the true sickos, as evidenced by Evan's playtime. For me it was too much. Spelunky's first outing hits the sweet spot—the perfect balance of challenge and chaos.
Released: September 17, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 235.73
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: A game that's had an impact on roguelikes similar to Slay the Spire in terms of heft, Hades is basically the platonic ideal of what it is: An isometric action RPG with roguelike elements, polished to a mirror shine. A novel narrative structure, gorgeous artwork, charming voice acting, thoughtfully executed character work, and the unmatched tunes of Darren Korb. I don't know what Supergiant's feeding its composer, but he keeps getting stronger.
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Hades rules, but I think you should actually be playing Hades 2 right now—it's already bigger and more varied, and includes a grenade launcher that fires flaming demon skulls.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Wes, you forgot to mention the siren band that makes a diss track just for you.
Released: April 19, 2011 | Top 100 Score: 236.29
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: I can understand why some prefer the purity of the first game, but Portal 2 just adds so many fantastic, creative ideas to the formula. Puzzles that push the absolute limits of thinking with portals, a genuinely hilarious story, and just so much more to see, do, and play with.
Often overlooked is the multiplayer. For my money, it's one of the best co-op campaigns ever made—if you've never played it, you owe it to yourself to rope in a friend and give it a go. It is precision engineered to create 'A ha!' moments that are so joyful to discover with a partner, fully leveraging the wild potential of not just two portal guns, but the physical presence of two characters. I'll say no more, before I spoil some of the coolest puzzles you'll ever solve in your life.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Seconding Robin's recommendation for the co-op, though for an entirely different reason: Portal 2 is the perfect engine for slapstick comedy and momentum-based pranks. Maybe Robin has really nice friends flooded with the spirit of jolly co-operation, but everyone I've played Portal 2 with has never hesitated to fling me to my doom in a variety of creative ways. Maybe this says more about me.
Released: October 18, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 236.57
Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: A mystery game that is actually a mystery, and an environment so densely packed with secrets and discoveries that by the end you feel you've holidayed there. Well, if your holidays involve the unspeakable horrors of the sea. Nothing else looks or plays like Obra Dinn, and few games have the confidence to demand as much from players: I had to play with an actual notebook to help my puny brain.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: I feel like having to use a notebook is a pretty good sign when it comes to information games like these, Rich. As Lucas Pope said to me in a past interview: "I didn't actually know I was making a detective game until Obra Dinn was mostly done." Similar to Sam Barlow's Her Story, what makes Return of the Obra Dinn special is that it's an information sandbox—a detective game that doesn't get too bogged down in genre tropes, instead giving players an open experience where they can discover clues and formulate their own deductions.
31. Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater – Master Collection Version
Released: October 24, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 237.00
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Hideo Kojima at the height of his powers brings us the most personal story in the entire Metal Gear series. Big Boss' origin story is a mad tearjerker about soldiers caught between duty, survival, and a large man who shoots lightning from his fingertips—but it's the doomed relationship between Snake and his mentor, The Boss, that has us coming back to this one two decades later.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Probably the tightest story Kojima has ever crafted. I love MGS 5 for its open systemic freedom, but MGS 3 is the best overall package—a triumph from the moment-to-moment stealth, to the boss fights, to the Boss fight.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I'll say it, I'll be one of those guys: I hate how MGS3's remake, Delta, looks. The hype around it has only made me want to replay MGS3 on my Steam Deck, which I guess is one positive in Delta's favor. One of these days I'll build up to European Extreme, which remains the best name for a videogame difficulty ever conceived.
Released: October 22, 2010 | Top 100 Score: 237.36
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Rockstar can model all the horse anatomy it wants to, but this is the best cowboy game ever made. The historical materialist storytelling that defines Obsidian got its start here with a story about a land on the periphery of two empires torn apart as they compete for the right to exploit it. That land is literally Las Vegas, too, which means you get to listen to a load of rat-pack music and play blackjack while you shoot Caesar's Legion centurions.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I have racked up 240 hours of New Vegas since 2010 and I have still never rolled credits on this game. It's just so expansive, and there are so many different types of Courier to be. Right now I've got a 50-hour unarmed character with one DLC down and half of the main quest to go, but when I think of returning I just want to make a cowboy sniper. I may find myself restarting New Vegas and getting halfway through every few years until I die, and maybe that's ok.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: "Play the guitar/Play it again, my Johnny..."
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Goddamn, I'm still so hyped that the Fallout TV series is headed to New Vegas.
Released: November 15, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 237.43
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Pentiment is one of those rare adventure games that actually make you feel like an investigator—though not necessarily a very good one.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: It's something videogames can handle that other media would struggle with. You can only do "Sherlock doesn't know what the fuck is happening" on TV if you make it a comedy, but videogames can play that straight because the protagonist, in this case Andreas the illuminator, is actually just some gamer behind a keyboard.
While Andreas is a Renaissance man in the literal sense—a man who lives in the Renaissance—he becomes a detective because he's a literate outsider rather than because he's some kind of crime genius. You're investigating murder in a 16th century village without preternatural powers of deduction, modern forensics, or a police badge, and you won't get everything right. You won't even know what you got wrong and will just have to send people off to be executed based on scraps of evidence and gap-filling guesswork. You're just a little man who looks like marginalia doing his best.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Perhaps the best praise I have for Pentiment is that it's the only game one of my smartest friends, a classicist and lawyer, could bother to make time for in the past few years.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I struggled to get into Pentiment, and it was only the insistence of a friend that kept me going through the first few hours. He also refused to say why he was so insistent about it, which at the time I thought was odd. At some point, though, it started to click, and when I "solved" my first crime—which was mostly just me sitting here yelling "No!" at my screen while something awful happened to a person I'm pretty sure didn't deserve it—I was hooked. What followed was one of the best and most wildly unpredictable game stories I've ever enjoyed.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I just want to say sorry to all the people I got executed for murders they super did not commit.
Released: May 29, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 237.60
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I finally got my coworkers to play this, and every one had the same reaction I did in 2024: 'How'd it take me so long?' Nine Sols is an entrant into the Sekiro-like genre that utterly flies off the screen. It's beautiful, tightly written, and somehow immaculately designed despite its developer mostly making horror games beforehand.
What really impressed me, however, were the boss fights. I could take or leave the exploration—it's competent, but nothing revolutionary. However, Nine Sol's bosses are downright gorgeous from a mechanical standpoint, and its final battle is the only time I've ever felt inclined (or even come close) to attempting a no-hit run on a boss battle in one of these games. I liked it that much.
There's also a great love letter to Hollow Knight's Mantis Lord boss fight in here that somehow ups both the spectacle and the complexity without getting overwhelming. It's a complete treat. Don't let this one pass you by.
Released: February 8, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 237.75
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Arrowhead Games leveraged physics simulation, orchestral bombast, hyperbolic sociopolitical satire, obsessive attention to ordnance audiovisuals, community-driven metafiction, award-worthy commitment to the bit, and 23 years of expertise in generating slapstick cooperative mayhem for the singular purpose of making it funny when you accidentally obliterate someone with an orbital bombardment. That's something we can all salute.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: The Helldivers 2 playerbase, which once named a city 'Gun', is a little unruly—and sometimes not even for terrible reasons. If you chart the course of Arrowhead's development of Helldivers 2, it's an up-and-down torment cycle that fluctuates between "we're so back" and "it's so over".
For full transparency, we gave Helldivers 2 this score before its latest foibles and bugs with the Terminid homeworld, but I'd personally still rate it this highly again. If history is any indication, the game may very well be 'fixed' by the time this list goes online. Or it might be broken again, who's to say.
But as Lincoln cleanly put it above, it's a flawed game that's worthy of the love—when it works, it's still one of the best co-op shooters you could spend your hard-earned Super Credits on.
Released: June 23, 2000 | Top 100 Score: 250.00, demoted by Wes Fenlon
Jake Tucker, PC Gaming Show Editorial Director: Deus Ex endures because it gave players unprecedented freedom. Missions had multiple paths—stealth, hacking, brute force— and making choices between them felt meaningful. Its cyberpunk world was rich, conspiratorial, and eerily prescient. It's harder to play today, but the storytelling, mechanics, and deep player agency set a benchmark. Decades later, few games offer such ambition.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Maybe I'm just an old head stuck in the past, but I would truly rather replay Deus Ex than most recent games, even other immersive sims. Baldur's Gate 3 is the only other game I have ever played that has matched Deus Ex's combination of simulationist reactivity and written contingencies for even seemingly minor actions. Even as the game is regarded as a universal classic, I think Deus Ex's story and themes are significantly under-rated, and its ending choice remains one of the most difficult and thought provoking in gaming.
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Ted is an old head stuck in the past, but don't hold that against him. I had a great time with Deus Ex when I played it back in 2014, but even then some of its core interactions—like aiming, I don't know, literally anything—were clunky as hell. I don't know that it'll ever drop out of the Top 100, but I think it's a better immersive sim to experience as an archeological exercise after you've been totally sucked in by one of its descendants still to come further down the list.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Deus Ex feels like an artefact from a completely different era. Oh, no, not because its characters look like Lego people or because it's arduous to play (it's really not), but because it feels like its ambition was genuinely unbridled. If Deus Ex wants to give you 15 different ways to tackle one situation, that's what you're gonna get. If Deus Ex wants to engage you in a solemn reflection on the nature of power and democracy in the digital age, that's what it'll give you. If Deus Ex wants to pitch you on the benefits of market authoritarianism to see just how tightly you really cling to those liberal ideals you claim to uphold, an inexplicably Australian bartender will be along shortly to do just that.
Where later Deus Exes (which I still love) feel hemmed in by the limits of corporate acceptability, DX1 feels like a game no one ever said 'no' to during development.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: You can kill Anna! You can save Paul! You can do all this other wild shit even though the game pretty explicitly tells you that you can't—except it's not the game, it's the characters in the game, and who died and made them king anyway? I actually think that the Deus Ex story might be a little overrated—I feel like the X-Files was hot and Ion Storm was just cramming in whatever conspiracy bullshit came to mind in the moment—but as a reactive, "have at it" game world, it's a work of genius. (And all that conspiracy bullshit is a lot of fun, too.)
Released: November 11, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 238.36
Robert Jones, Print Editor: Whisper it quietly, but Dishonored 2 is the best immersive sim ever made. The level of control and choice you have in this game to play it your way, and to experiment and get rewarded for your ingenuity, is top tier and takes its replayability to crazy levels. Dishonored 2 is exceptional for many other reasons, too, such as its beautifully realised world and characters, its jaw-dropping level design (A Crack in the Slab, anyone?), its slick and empowering combat, its mature themes and its engaging narrative that asks you the question: truly, how far would you go to get your revenge?
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: It's not just the best immersive sim—it's one of the absolute GOATs, regardless of genre. There's no better level design. And the ways in which you navigate and interact with these incredible sets? Phwoar. It's simply bliss.
Like so many of the greats, it wasn't truly appreciated in its time, but Arkane did get to make one more of them, Death of the Outsider, which is also superb. Death Loop is technically a Dishonored game too, set as it is in the same universe. But D2 still reigns supreme, and I hope Arkane's recent difficulties doesn't mean we'll never see its like again.
Released: September 22, 2011 | Top 100 Score: 239.00
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: In 2011, FromSoft taught gamers that deliberate attack animations can be fun, and the world was forever changed—largely for the better, if you like parrying stuff. While there's a bit of Dark Souls in just about every third person action game now, it's worth revisiting to appreciate just how little FromSoft's design ethos has changed. The hitboxes have gotten a little tighter, but it's always had the same brooding heart.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: You never forget your first, and Dark Souls was my introduction to one of my favorite game studios. One thing that wasn't present in Demon's Souls that you see firmly fleshed out in Dark Souls is FromSoft's full commitment to the dodge and timing-based bosses it's known for.
Demon's Souls has a surprising number of gimmick and puzzle boss fights, while in Dark Souls, the emphasis is firmly on combat mastery: You have your weapon, dodge roll, and maybe a shield, and those are all you need to defeat almost every boss in the game, something that flummoxed me at first when my closest touchstone was the puzzles and weak points of the Zelda series. One notable exception: The Bed of Chaos, a series-low puzzle boss that truly beggars belief with its trial and error design.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: The original Dark Souls was the first game to ever inform me that difficulty can, in fact, be fun—and I've never recovered. I am one of those insufferable "git gud" guys. I recently rocked up to our poor guide writer, Sean Martin, to talk about how I found a Silksong boss to be incredibly easy, only to discover that years of hard-earned muscle memory had kicked in and made me triumph way ahead of schedule.
This is where it all started. FromSoftware has all my love, and also a hell of a lot to answer for. Also, I agree with Ted, the Bed of Chaos is goddamn terrible.
Released: September 15, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 239.40
Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: One of those games that never ages—making you feel the same way you did the first time you played, no matter how many years have passed. The soundtrack, characters, and story as a whole stick with you from the very moment you get your first taste of Butterscotch Pie and beyond. Somehow, everyone I know who's played Undertale has somehow perfectly timed it with a time they needed some serious comfort, which is exactly what it offers. If you're ever in need of a good emotional outlet, Undertale always has your back.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: An underrated aspect of Undertale is its combat, or ideally lack thereof. I love that you can commit to meeting a character's anger with kindness, even if that means taking a beating.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I replayed Undertale over and over in 2016, unlocking (nearly) every ending shortly after it came out, but I've never really gone back since. It's still worth it, though, cutting through a decade's strata of calcified memes and discourse to uncover the smart, surprising, heartfelt RPG underneath.
The only ending I haven't gotten is the darkest timeline playthrough where you kill every living thing in the game, spitting in the face of warmth and humor to become something worse than the antagonist. The stain even persists on subsequent playthroughs, adding a sinister twist if you try for the best ending afterwards. This undercurrent of something sinister, the potential for a truly horrific outcome, lends the golden ending some true dramatic weight though, preventing it from becoming overly saccharine. Avoiding the bad ending does mean I've missed a truly all-timer boss fight (monster spoilers in that link).
Released: September 14, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 239.67
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I'm glad Original Sin 2 is still on the list, even with its younger sibling ranked higher up⁠—it's not just the game you play after Baldur's Gate 3 if you want more Larian. Much as I love The Forgotten Realms and D&D, Larian's own worldbuilding and bespoke mechanics are something special.
The studio gleefully spits on continuity, spinning a yarn that directly contradicts the events of past Divinities, but who cares, nerd? The combat's focus on stripping enemy defenses while maintaining your own is like no other RPG I've played, and I hope Larian revisits the concept with fresh eyes and hard-won knowledge soon™.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: I have 80.6 hours in Divinity 2, and at least 70 of those were spent running Fort Joy across six abandoned playthroughs. I have a soft spot for Divinity 2's chaotic combat where the floor is always lava, but I just keep running out of gas.
Released: December 10, 1999 | Top 100 Score: 240.75
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Disco Elysium may be the gold standard for this type of RPG⁠—I want to make "Talking Simulator" a thing⁠—but its inspiration still has the juice. I'm in it for the little moments in this story of an amnesiac immortal, like paying your past self's bar tab to get the eyeball he left as collateral, then gruesomely gouging out your current eye to plop in the old one, unlocking buried memories.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Planescape: Torment lets you kill yourself to win an argument, which makes it some kind of patron saint to internet commenters everywhere and also one of the best games of all time.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: As an unrepentant boss fight hater, I will never pass up the opportunity to point out that Planescape: Torment is the one game that lets you talk things out, and thus it is objectively the best boss fight ever.
Released: November 18, 2011 | Top 100 Score: 241.04
Elie Gould, News Writer: We joke about how the children yearn for the mines, but I still can't get over how Minecraft managed to make a mundane act of hitting rocks so much fun that it's still going strong over a decade later. As the dedicated rock smasher on any server I'm in, I approve this message.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: This is your annual reminder that a Minecraft server with friends (and mods!) is one of the great PC gaming experiences.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: A timeless classic. Dress it up with mods or shaders, or still have a cracking time with a vanilla build. Like Morgan says, there's nothing quite like starting a brand-new Minecraft server with your pals before someone inevitably accidentally burns your entire settlement down with a rogue lava bucket.
Lauren Morton, SEO Editor: At this point, just get your friends back together on an unmodded Minecraft server. I guarantee they don't know half of what's been added to vanilla Minecraft in the past 5 years.
Released: December 1, 1998 | Top 100 Score: 241.20
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: You'll have to remap the controls and be aware that some of the missions added in the Gold edition aren't as good as the originals, but quibbles aside, Thief is still top-tier stealth. The levels are diverse yet never gimmicky, something others in the genre could learn from, all tying together perfectly to make a taut film-noir fantasy thriller.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Metal Gear Solid and Thief Gold both released in 1998, but I don't think Kojima matched Thief's level of stealth mechanics until Metal Gear Solid 3, seven years later. The original Thief duology remains my gold standard for videogame sneaking, a perfect implementation of the infiltrator fantasy.
Even though Thief's chunky, polygonal graphics are primeval by today's standards, I still think it's one of the best-looking games ever made. Part of that is down to the focused art direction and believability of its medieval world seized by a premature industrial revolution, but I also don't think a game has ever nailed the look and feeling of a city by night as well as Thief. Every level feels like you just stepped out for a late stroll, or perfectly evokes staying up late with everyone else in the house asleep.
Thief also boasts a quietly all-time great modding community, with a deep well of fan missions adding up to the equivalent of several sequels. The peak, and a perfect starting point after you beat Thief Gold and Thief 2, is The Black Parade, a prequel campaign that contains some breathtakingly huge, intricate levels.
Andy Chalk, NA Lead: I have to echo everything Jody and Ted said, but add that one of Thief Gold's underrated strengths—and the reason it stands as superior to Thief 2—is the presence of the "monster missions" dedicated to the more fantastical side of Thief. Some fans disparage them, preferring the more conventional B&E jobs, but it's the game's explicit acknowledgement of these hidden crypts and forgotten cities, crawling with supernatural creatures and long-lost secrets, that makes the world so special. Without those experiences lying just beneath the surface, the city is, well, just a city; with them, it's genuinely magical.
Released: May 4, 2017 | Top 100 Score: 242.62
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Kinda weird how someone's out there making System Shock 3 when Arkane already made it. Prey is a special thing: a jumble of systems and pathways that's more than happy to let you pick your own, strange route through it. It's not as tight as Dishonored, but it makes up for it with an incredible sense of openness.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: The first third or so of System Shock 2 is a masterpiece of atmosphere, but I didn't get to play the game I was expecting to follow it until Prey came out. You can even leave the station, going on a spacewalk shortcut or tracking down dead crew floating in space.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Oh, I forgot to say: you can turn almost everything you come across into cubes. Love that. Love a good cube.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Chaps my ass to no end that after making a masterpiece like Prey, Arkane Austin got stuck doing a half-assed co-op shooter it had no business making, and was then shuttered when it tanked. Absolute bullshit of the highest order.
Released: October 17, 2018 | Top 100 Score: 244.00
Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: I'd like to write about Rimworld's intricate dance of systems, its chaotic yet beautiful, ballet-like emergence, but I'd be doing it an injustice. The reason I actually play Rimworld is to see which of my colonists will eat each other first—and that's a compliment.
Beyond being a fantastic way to lose an evening, Rimworld is capable of turning into an idle game that rarely fails to entertain, where an old save running in the background can quickly turn into your own macabre soap opera. The Sims? Nah, Rimworld please. It's a gripping post-apocalyptic hell sim like no other.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I always start a new game of Rimworld with the best of intentions. Like the last time, when I decided my colony would become a society of high-minded explorers in their little spaceship: the Federation of Rimworld. An hour in, I'd enslaved my first person. A few hours later, I invited a vampire to join the colony and started maintaining a stable of human-shaped blood bags. I also have a collection of feral children. Rimworld brings out the worst in me, but boy is it good.
Released: March 21, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 244.36
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I'm smug beyond belief that we ranked this above Dark Souls this year. The Souls that launched a thousand -likes will always sleep easy in my git-gud heart, but Sekiro is peerless. From's RPGs offer build expression, but if you've not played Sekiro you haven't seen what it can do when it narrows its focus to a honed, thrice-folded nippon edge. Also: the best Souls bosses. You can fight me on that.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Sekiro above Dark Souls, or in fact Dark Souls 3 and its DLC (to which we owe Elden Ring) is a miscarriage of justice, but as someone who's also a Sekiro-enjoyer, it's impossible not to see the widespread impact this game has had on Soulslikes. From Black Myth: Wukong, to Lies of P, to this year's really quite good The First Berserker: Khazan—the kids are deflection-pilled now; it's literally everywhere. One of the things I do really love about Sekiro is how it's more of a character-based narrative than Dark Souls; Wolf has an actual backstory, Ashina changes before your eyes, and it allows for some incredible sequences.
Released: November 16, 2004 | Top 100 Score: 255.42, demoted by Morgan Park
Robert Jones, Print Editor: Despite starting to creak somewhat, with many of its once-pioneering qualities since built on and, occasionally, improved on by subsequent games, there's no doubting that Half-Life 2 remains an FPS of immense quality, replayability and foresight. Lacking the incredible opening of the original Half-Life, but then delivering a far stronger overall game, one that introduced us all to the enduring charms of Alyx Vance, Half-Life 2 continues to immerse and enthuse in equal measure.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: It may be like 50% physics showcase, but it's a physics showcase that still puts most modern shooters to shame, and honestly a lot of the retro ones look rough next to it as well.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: I did indeed demote Half-Life 2 here, not because I don't love it, but because it's not the first singleplayer FPS I'd recommend to a new PC gamer today. It's got some boring bits that were a lot more impressive in 2004 and rough enough edges that modern games have smoothed out. All problems that Half-Life wouldn't have if Valve would get its act together and make another one (outside VR goggles).
Released: September 21, 2000 | Top 100 Score: 244.80
Robert Jones, Print Editor: Every time I hear David Warner deliver the lines of Jon Irenicus, Baldur's Gate 2's incredibly memorable villain, I get chills, as it sums up the immense quality that pours forth out of this game at all moments. Defiant statements such as, "I cannot be caged. I cannot be controlled. Understand this as you die". Philosophical musings on the meaning of existence, such as, "Life… is strength. That is not to be contested; it seems logical enough. You live; you affect your world". And despair-laden realisations like, "I… I do not remember your love, Ellesime. I have tried to. I have tried to recreate it, to spark it anew in my memory. But it is gone... a hollow, dead thing". I remember why, until Baldur's Gate 3, this game was the greatest fantasy RPG ever made. Incredibly smart, epic in scale, and nearly infinite in replayability. Legendary.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I find it easy to forget how weird Baldur's Gate 2 is: Planar Spheres, jaunts to Hell (and the Abyss, aka. "Hell 2"), gangs of vampires kidnapping your companions, the works. The toughest boss in the game, a legendary RPG bragging rights fight, is a floating skull whose house is hidden in plain view not far from the opening area of the game. The titular city isn't even here! We're in Athkatla now, baby, a gilded society of wizard-haters who will sic Johnny Law on you for slinging spells in public. I love Baldur's Gate 3 to bits, but the pre-rendered fantasy psychedelia of Baldur's Gate 2 is still so special.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: One of the only RPGs ever to actually give you a narrative reason to spend 40 hours getting distracted by side quests. No, really, why don't more games do that?
Released: February 4, 2025 | Top 100 Score: 244.50
Andy Edser, Hardware Writer: I can't remember the last time a game made me grin this hard during its intro sequence. Oh, yes I can. I would have been a teenager, full of youthful vigour, untarnished by the horrors of reality. Speaking of which, Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 brings such a hefty dose of crunchy, faux-medieval realism to its RPG mix, it comes out smelling of onions and turnips. Unforgiving yet easy-enough-to-master combat, dialogue that sounds like real people might have said it, and an open world that feels genuinely reactive—this is an RPG we'll still be talking about for many years to come.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 is the kind of game where you die of food poisoning because you risked an old sausage, or because you tried to travel to the next town over and two bandits clubbed you to death for your shoes—people died a lot in medieval times is what I've learnt. But beneath the absurdity its realism can sometimes conjure, it's genuinely one of the best RPGs you will play, with excellent combat, characters, choices, plus a setting its devs obviously care about and have worked hard to do justice.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: It's a game that almost never says no to you. It has that immersive sim magic where understanding its systems lets you exploit them infinitely, and it's very happy for you to do it. Wanna steal back all the money you just spent on swordfighting lessons right out of your teacher's pocket? Fill your boots, and then take theirs.
Released: February 4, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 246.00
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: Turn-based tactics don't get better. The complex strategy layer means you're not sure if you screwed up by diverting to rescue a squaddie instead of chasing alloy for an upgrade, and the missions turn on a dime by introducing new enemies you're not ready for or springing a cluster of aliens on you at the worst time. Beginning in stealth gives you confidence, then you turn a corner and it's ripped away. XCOM 2 is a perfectly balanced knife aimed at your throat.
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: War of the Chosen is an essential addition, adding some truly hateable villains and narrative stakes to the original game's tactical sandbox. Nothing since has nailed this combination of strategic tension and Star Trek actors mocking you for missing a 90% shot.
Released: December 10, 1993 | Top 100 Score: 246.03
Robert Jones, Print Editor: The forever FPS. The game which, no matter how many years pass, remains the shooter of shooters. The FPS you take with you to the desert island as the world ends. Whether it was the creative brilliance of John Romero, the technical wizardry of John Carmack, or the pioneering spirit of the entire id Software team, back in 1993 gaming history was made, and it continues to be made today thanks to Doom's incredible mod community. Pure PC gaming gold.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I want to provide ample respect to fellow designers Tom Hall and Sandy Petersen, but it's insane that, with his leadership, design rules, and very own levels, John Romero effectively invented 3D level design as we know it. Mario 64, Goldeneye, Ocarina of Time⁠—all that comes after Doom. And right here, coming up with this stuff out of the ether, id somehow made a perfect game.
John Carmack's later work with the Quake engine was more influential on the future of 3D rendering, but his 1997 decision to make Doom fully open source was generous and far-sighted, paying dividends with mods, source ports, and full commercial games to this day.
"I don't have a real good guess at how many people are going to be playing with this," Carmack wrote in a .plan file with the source code release, "But if significant projects are undertaken, it would be cool to see a level of community cooperation." Little did he know.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Kids today simply cannot appreciate what an absolute pain in the ass it was setting up for a four-player Doom LAN party back in the day. First of all, who had a network card installed back then? Nobody, that's who. So that meant you had to jack a bunch of stuff from school or work or whatever (which for the record is not an admission of wrongdoing, this is all hypothetical) and then pray you could figure out how to make it all work before everyone got too wasted and opted to sit around watching old episodes of Batman instead.
And man, it was worth it. We take big multiplayer shooters for granted these days but in the early 1990s, feeding lead to your friends in a videogame was revolutionary. I spent hundreds—maybe thousands—of hours playing through all the OG Doom games, expansions, and WAD CDs, but that incredible multiplayer was the peak of the experience, and it set the stage for many of the biggest, most popular online gaming experiences we enjoy today. Little did we know.
Released: December 5, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 246.36
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: The most lavish open world in all of PC gaming—Red Dead Redemption 2 is a stunningly beautiful game, both for the majestic scale of its environments, and the intricate detail packed inside of them. There's a good story here—it's the rare Rockstar game that doesn't default to cynicism, satire and cruelty as its central themes, even though you'll find plenty of all three from its cast of characters. But when I look back on my time with it, it's the journeys that I'll always remember, not the destination. The joy of wandering its world, discovering the sights and stories that take place between the mission markers.
Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: It is simply one of the greatest games to ever exist, regardless of whether or not you used to run around your backyard playing cowboys with your friends and family. If you want fast, gunslinging combat, it's there. If you want to just ride around on the back of your horse trying to spot all the wildlife, you can also do that.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: You come into it wondering who the hell this 'Arthur' guy is and why you aren't playing John Marston, you leave never wanting to play as anyone but Arthur ever again.
Released: February 24, 2022 | Top 100 Score: 246.60
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: Thinking about replaying FromSoftware's massive open world action RPG exhausted me at one point, but thanks to the fantastic Seamless Co-op mod I realized how much of the game is elegantly designed to be skippable. It's a decadent buffet of dungeons and boss fights to feast on, while its expansion Shadow of the Erdtree is a Michelin-caliber prix fixe delight with a map precision designed to evoke open-mouth wonder every 30 minutes.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: Whoever said "Let's make Dark Souls but open world" is a genius. Elden Ring just works—the evolution of everything that made Dark Souls 3 and its DLC incredible. I've got over 800 hours in the game, including a playthrough in which I collected every item, and yet my brain still bugs me every month to start a new character. I can't wait for those two new classes coming in the Tarnished Edition…
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: I actively dislike soulslikes, so committing to playing Elden Ring was basically a self-inflicted dare. Who knew it would basically take over my life in 2022? I've never encountered anything like it: A massive, sprawling, truly fantastical open world, utterly nonsensical (don't tell me this is "good storytelling," because folks, it ain't) yet somehow deeply melancholy and haunting. And, I have to call this out, smart and considerate enough to include a path for people like me who want to revel in the experience without having to deal with all that stick-and-move dodge-roll bullshit.
(I also have to call out PC Gamer editor Wes Fenlon for showing me the soulslike ropes when I was ready to throw up my hands and walk away in disgust. Made all the difference.)
I can't say Elden Ring was "influential" in any way: I still have zero interest in soulslikes in general, and I passed on Shadow of the Erdtree too. But it was a singular, majestic, damn near perfect videogame, one of the best I've ever played. So, a full-on sequel? Yeah, I'd probably be down for that.
Released: February 20, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 248.10
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: You really have to play Balatro to understand what makes it so vital. Those unassuming looks—'what, it's just looking for poker hands?'—disguise an absolute rabbit hole of roguelike strategy and wild, creative build-crafting. It reveals itself to you in exquisite layers—your best run 5 hours in is nothing compared to your best build 20 hours in, as you learn more and more of the cartomantic alchemy of wildly escalating numbers.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I recently had a weeks' holiday, where I was alone with my laptop, and thought: "Well, this thing can probably run Balatro, I haven't played in a while". One week later, I'd doubled my playtime to 80 hours.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: Balatro's importance has only increased in the last year, as 'score-based deckbuilders in which you strive to reach a number that can only be expressed through mathematical formula' has grown into a full subgenre; a counterpart to Slay the Spire's more combat-oriented style of buildcrafting. We've seen a number of "thing x Balatro" releases and demos this year, where the thing is everything from pool to mahjong to scrabble to the stock market. For now, Balatro still remains the best way to make a cacophony of light and sound that ends with your computer telling you that you've scored 4.681e30.
Released: December 5, 2024 | Top 100 Score: 248.20
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: Caves of Qud is a tile-based roguelike in the same way that a horse is descended from a sort of shrew: The statement's technically correct, but it doesn't quite capture the mystifying contours and inscrutable affect on display. Qud is better understood as a procedural conjuror of deep future fever dreams—of bird-worshipping wasteland villages and their alligator mayors, of marble-skinned warrior-clones entombed in centuries-long subterranean slumber, of chairs that can be people with an application of Spray-a-Brain. Whether I'm bristling with surplus limbs and psionic weaponry on a triumphant run or simply inspecting furniture flavor text, Qud is a showcase of stylistic and systemic artistry.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: It's just excruciatingly well-written, and I use that word deliberately. Consider its item description for a folding chair: "Jointed wood and knit watervine make a movable wharf for the ass." How am I to read this, as someone notionally paid to write for a living, and not simply want to give up?
Released: February 26, 2016 | Top 100 Score: 249.08
Elie Gould, News Writer: A beacon of feel-good cosy goodness, Stardew Valley has managed to retain its position as one of the most influential indie games for almost a decade now and for good reason. Its warm vibes, whimsical characters, and beautiful locations all cobble together to make a farming sim which is at times almost impossible to put down. I've been working on my Cherrytree Farm for about seven years now, and going about my daily business is just as exciting and fun as the day I began.
Kara Phillips, Evergreen Writer: It's impossible to not praise the game that inspired every second release to involve some sort of farming mechanics. Yet, despite all the farming simulators I've spent an ungodly amount of time playing, nothing holds a torch to my sweet, dear Pelican Town.
Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: I delayed playing this game until just last year because I was terrified it would take over my life. And of course it did, to the tune of 60 hours in just the first two weeks alone. I love that it lets me think up so many personal goals, whether they're casual (I wanna grow a pumpkin the size of a car this fall) or obsessive (I wanna min-max the profitability of my basement wine-making operation for the next five years).
Released: September 1, 2020 | Top 100 Score: 253.33
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: The best way to experience the medieval world—if the experience you want involves chasing perverts out of your bedroom, murdering family members and alcoholism. Crusader Kings 3 is much more than a strategy game—it's a hugely elaborate RPG, a centuries-long life sim and a platform for so many impressive mods. And it just keeps getting bigger and better as Paradox extends the map and beefs up its multitude of systems.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: I repeatedly kidnapped the King of Estonia so much it broke his mind and he became a nudist.
Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: I don't have much of a mind for strategy, let alone grand strategy, but I sure do like personal drama. When you pull your eyes away from the world and focus on your character, their family, and their relationships, CK3 is like a big, bizarre soap opera that gives you a sprawling and often hilarious story to tell each time you play. Yes, yes, Moldavia is invading Walachia, but my spymaster just heard a rumor that a local noble is sleeping with his own son's wife? Juicy!
Released: May 18, 2015 | Top 100 Score: 259.50
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: It's somehow been a decade since The Witcher 3 changed our expectations for RPGs, but it sure doesn't feel like it. How many games since have had sidequests as clever or funny as A Greedy God, in which a couple dummies have been duped into thinking a gluttonous monster is their god? Or a protagonist with as strong a sense of history in their world as Geralt, yet still malleable in the moments you make key choices? Maybe just one, and it's ranked higher on this list.
Play it again—I bet there's at least one killer quest you haven't seen yet.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend/AU Editor: A handful of videogames have made me want to read the associated books. With Baldur's Gate, it was not worth it. With The Witcher it was, and I blitzed through the whole saga between playing The Witcher 3 and its expansions. Now if I hear the phrase "Battle of Brenna" my eyes glaze over and I go to my happy place.
They're fun books taken on their own, but they really deepened my appreciation of the games as well. Especially The Witcher 3, which feels the most like a dedicated fanfic continuation of the novels with its focus on Ciri and Yennefer.
Andy Chalk, NA News Lead: Possibly the best RPG I've ever played, for so many reasons, but it's the characters who are the real backbone of the thing: Geralt, obviously, but Yennefer, Dandelion, Ciri, and even more background players like Zoltan and Keira are what really bring it to life. Geralt, Lambert, and Eskel getting apocalyptically hammered and drunk-dialing one of Yen's pals is silly and juvenile (and yes, uproariously funny), but it's also one of the game's most genuinely humanizing moments. Whomst among us has not made bad decisions and disappointed our partners while on a night out with the boys? Geralt is already well established as a character by that point in the game, but that episode makes him real in a way we hadn't seen previously: He's absolutely a hero, but he's also just one of the guys.
Released: August 8, 2006 | Top 100 Score: 261.43
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: I started playing Dwarf Fortress sometime in 2010, and since then I've forgotten more about the dwarven histories I've witnessed than most people will ever learn about our own. I've watched goblin sieges broken by one-armed wrestlers, grief-maddened kings sealed in their throne rooms, failed aqueduct projects leading to food riots, and more. It's a testament to the sprawling intricacy of Dwarf Fortress's fantasy simulation that the 15 years we spent with half-functional marksdwarves—now fixed, thanks to a recent patch—was barely a footnote to the endless toil, tragedy, and turmoil of dwarven existence.
It's an incomparable storytelling engine of absurd complexity, modeling everything from geologic erosion to nerve tissue damage to feline alcohol poisoning. With any luck, I'll still be playing it in 2040.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: My not-so-secret belief is that, if you asked the god Yama to judge all of videogames, Dwarf Fortress would be the one that comes closest to perfection. This is a medium where a million back-of-box blurbs have promised 'anything can happen,' but it's only in DF that I think that might actually be true, thanks to the literal decades of accumulated systems and mechanics that have now accrued in Tarn and Zach Adams' bizarre and beautiful everything-simulator.
Released: October 15, 2019 | Top 100 Score: 267.16
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: No game has ever captured the malaise of the end of history better. Disco Elysium's Revachol is a city stuck in neutral, ruled over not by a singular tyrant but by the distant dictates of drab men of finance, who spill more blood with a signature than even the most industrious dictator could with a firing squad. Its people are bleary-eyed, ignored, and exploited in a kind of maddeningly abstract way—they know no future but rather an interminable present, a neverending process of things getting inevitably worse.
Until someone goes and blows away a mercenary hired by the Wild Pines corporation, anyway, at which point all the quiet, tinderbox contradictions that define Revachol threaten to catch alight and engulf it. Suddenly the city where every possible future has been tried and foreclosed is forced to lurch into something new, just like the bloated, self-destroying drunk you play as. I'm not sure a more 21st-century game has, or could be made.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: I am a speed-addicted cop with a drinking problem, my best friend thinks I'm an idiot, I've lost my gun, my car and my badge, I keep trying to eat the rich and I think I can see ghosts. My necktie talks to me. Unrelated: Disco Elysium is very good.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: I don't want to be this kind of animal anymore.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Disco Elysium is a masterfully-written piece of art. It manages to be hilarious, harrowing, uplifting, and depressing all at once. Once moment you're cracking up at Harry DuBois bellowing about an "ice cop-hat fuck show", the next your heart softens as he's treated with understanding by people who've all already lived the worst days of their lives, and are expecting so many more.
Also, Kim Kitsuragi is the best companion character in any RPG, bar none. He is an anchor point in the universe, the perfect platonic ideal of that guy. He is, always has been, and will continue to be Him.
Lincoln Carpenter, News Writer: I still don't know where my gun is.
Released: August 3, 2023 | Top 100 Score: 267.64
Robert Jones, Print Editor: The best fantasy RPG of all time. A game of such staggering complexity, flexibility, fun and beauty, that no matter who you are or how you play it, Baldur's Gate 3 will leave an emotional mark on you. What Larian Studios achieved with Baldur's Gate 3 is already legendary, with the game scooping up every single award going following its release, as well as topping countless lists just like this. But, let me tell you, its legend is only going to grow further as time passes. Baldur's Gate 3 is a game that will go on to influence so many more games yet to come, a game whose impact on the video game industry will be as keenly felt as when Doom released, or Deus Ex or, yes, even its mighty predecessor, Baldur's Gate 2. I, for one, can't wait to see what the future holds.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: I mean… c'mon, are we really surprised this one's here? The good ship PC Gamer is a flotilla of varying tastes, but the one thing we tend to have in common most of all is that we all love a bloomin' good RPG.
Baldur's Gate 3 is an utter masterclass, hard-earned by Larian's multiple brushes with bankruptcy and years of making increasingly good CRPGs. Swen Vincke and co. wandered out into a field with a bottle, stared at a thundercloud with full confidence, and let the lightning come to them—hitting the D&D renaissance right at its apex.
Compliments need to go to the game's writing, as well. Not since Origins have we seen a cast of characters so well-fleshed out, distinct, and realised. Even Wyll (who I think gets dunked on far too often, IMHO) is only a little less golden because he's standing on the pantheon with some all-timers. That the game allows you to miss, kill, or betray any of them shows a ton of confidence in its immersive sim vision.
I also don't want to let it go unspoken that Larian's post-launch support has turned this game from "just excellent" to an all-timer. New subclasses, difficulty modes, and an honest-to-Bhaal epilogue that turned its slightly-wobbly, hurried-feeling ending into a perfect series of capstones to one of my favourite games ever.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Baldur's Gate 3 is one of the few games where I think the 160 hours I spent reviewing it was time well spent. It consumed my every waking moment for weeks and I loved every second of it, giving it the highest score we've ever given a game in the history of PC Gamer (at least in the UK).
Andrea Shearon, Evergreen Writer: Unlike Fraser, I do not have a good excuse for my embarrassingly long Baldur's Gate 3 playtime. Steam says I've put over 400 hours into Larian's behemoth RPG, but it does not indicate how much of that was time spent rotating my Tav and Karlach around like a rotisserie chicken.
Since I got so into modding, I'm gonna say I wracked up at least half of that in the character creator. The other half was time spent petting Scratch and arguing (flirting?) with my brain worm.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: Man I've got stuff to do and I'm still eyeing another replay.
Not enough games for you? Luckily the PC Gamer team has plenty of favourites that didn't make it into the main list. Each editor has picked one game that has their personal seal of approval—even though it didn't secure enough votes to make it into the list proper.
Harvey Randall, Staff Writer: Lies of P: Overture is one of the best soulslike DLCs to ever grace the genre, and that ain't no lie. The base game, which I finally committed to a full playthrough of, is really solid. Overture, meanwhile, is peak all the way through—showing us that Round 8 Studios has found its own identity in a sea of imitators. I'm calling it here: If Overture is any indication, Round 8's next game will give FromSoftware a run for its money.
Joshua Wolens, News Writer: Uplink consists of a BBS dialler and a list of IP addresses and somehow it's the best open-world game I've played. It turns you loose, points you at a fake internet, and lets you do whatever the heck you want. Who among us hasn't immediately gotten nabbed by the cops for an ill-judged day-one attempt to hack a bank?
Wes Fenlon, Senior Editor: The most vicious combat ever in a Japanese action game, finally given the rerelease it deserves in a polished UE5 remaster. You ain't ninja'd until you've sliced three dudes' heads off with a single Flying Swallow or skewered a hellbeast on a scythe as tall as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. The idiom "all killer no filler" was actually invented to describe this game.
Ted Litchfield, Associate Editor: WotR saw me through catching Covid, and I think its excellent union of hardcore crunch with BioWare-style comfort food fantasy really presaged Baldur's Gate 3. Owlcat has only added to the game since I played a year after launch, and I definitely have to revisit this one to check out all the DLC⁠—and finally try Rogue Trader, for that matter.
Robin Valentine, Senior Editor: As you read this, this truly excellent take on the Vampire Survivors formula will be gearing up for its 1.0 release on September 17. Despite having already lost nearly 100 hours to it in Early Access, I suspect I'm going to be sucked in all over again by the addition of an entire new gear system in the full release.
Mollie Taylor, Features Producer: It may still be in early access, but Fields of Mistria is the only farming sim to give me the same fuzzy feelings (and complete time blindness) as Stardew Valley. Sprinkle in extra magical girl goodness and a Game Boy Advance-adjacent artstyle, and it stands on its own as a ridiculously cosy experience. Plus, it's perfect on the Steam Deck.
Evan Lahti, Content Director: A more-is-more counterpoint to Slay the Spire's relative austereness in the deckbuilder genre. I love assembling an ugly menagerie of squid women, immortal ooze piles, melting Victorian candle children, actual demons, and mushroom soldiers. Each night I load these weirdos into separate rooms of a three-story train to reclaim heaven. Perfect soundtrack, big replayability, inventive factions, and more content on the way.
Lincoln Carpenter, Staff Writer: EDF looks like shit, the voice acting is awful, the developers have been using the same assets since 2006, and it fucking rules. It's a series carried solely by the unembellished truth that it's fun to shoot 6 million giant ants with your friends. It's one of the purest demonstrations that a game need not be pretty to be excellent.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge
Rich Stanton, Senior Editor: My 2025 highlight is my young son's discovery of this game. He's not very good at it, and I'll be damned before I let my kid get battered by the Foot: so I've belatedly become great at defending Raphael in co-op, softening up baddies, and annihilating bosses with Radical Mode before they can lay a claw on my boy. Then we high-five, say "Cowabunga!", and start the next level.
Phil Savage, Global Editor-in-Chief: I could lie to you and pretend that my many hours in Anno 1800 were in pursuit of creating a beautiful Georgian city, taking simple pleasure in the aesthetic thrill of a thriving industrial metropolis. But no, in reality I'm here for the sicko shit: complex production chains pumping out everything from telephones to bowler hats at peak economic efficiency.
Tyler Wilde, US Editor-in-Chief: The game that came with my first DVD-ROM drive. It's not too long, contains genuinely good gags, and when the puzzles are BS, they're BS in a funny way. (There's a spell that turns purple things invisible.) They never made another Zork game after this one, which is sad, but at least the series went out on a high note.
Christopher Livingston, Senior Editor: Scandalous that I have to burn my personal pick just to get Skyrim in the top 100 conversation! But, I get it. It's dated and creaky and there are so many deeper options for RPGs these days—but Skyrim's sandbox remains unmatched (especially when modded) when it comes to giving you the freedom to create characters and adventures that are truly your own.
Andrea Shearon, Evergreen Writer: Not that you need to look much further than your daily newsfeed for AI-gone-mad horror stories and reports from a crumbling gig economy, but allow me to recommend the game that tried to warn us all—Norco. It's eight hours of point-and-click adventuring through a grungy, southern gothic hellscape that feels a little too familiar to be a dystopian tale of caution.
Morgan Park, Staff Writer: Skin Deep landed at 123 in our voting, which should tell you how much we liked it. Blendo Games took seven years to make its ambitious immersive sim about rescuing cats from space pirates, and it was worth the wait. Skin Deep has pure systems-driven fun that lets you solve problems in accidentally genius ways. One time I dodged a bullet that broke a window, triggering a decompression that killed everyone on the ship but me.
Lauren Morton, Lead SEO Editor: It's criminal that there can only be one Yakuza game on this list. I support Yakuza 0 getting the spot, but Yakuza LAD pulled off what should not have been possible: replacing a protagonist from seven mainline games with a totally new one and replacing its beloved brawler battle system with a turn based one and making me love both of those changes.
Sean Martin, Senior Guides Writer: In this hallowed year of Hollow Knight: Silksong I am once again asking you to go and play one of the coolest metroidvanias ever made. Rain World actually came out a month after Hollow Knight in 2017 and remains one of the most fascinating examples of the genre you will ever play, plus the best post-apocalyptic ecosystem simulator out there.
Jody Macgregor, Weekend Editor: Every time I try a digital card game that's "like Magic but X" I end up just playing Magic again and realizing it's still better than all the pretenders. I do like to sit down at an actual table with other players from my pleasantly chill local Magic scene, but it's a lot cheaper to build a digital deck.
Fraser Brown, Online Editor: Wadjet Eye's latest adventure game straight up made me cry. This is not something most games are capable of, but Old Skies is special. A sci-fi time travel romp that's really a heart-wrenching tale of isolation, loss and love, it's gonna punch you in the guts and you will say "Thank you". Oh yeah, and the puzzles are great, too.
Andy Chalk, US News Lead: Metro Exodus has it all: stealth, horror, breakneck violence, and one of the best post-apocalyptic open worlds I've ever roamed. What really seals the deal, though, is family. The sense of rugged camaraderie I share with my fellow travellers on the Aurora is the real heart of the game. They matter: I fight for them, and they fight for me.
Phil has been writing for PC Gamer for nearly a decade, starting out as a freelance writer covering everything from free games to MMOs. He eventually joined full-time as a news writer, before moving to the magazine to review immersive sims, RPGs and Hitman games. Now he leads PC Gamer's UK team, but still sometimes finds the time to write about his ongoing obsessions with Destiny 2, GTA Online and Apex Legends. When he's not levelling up battle passes, he's checking out the latest tactics game or dipping back into Guild Wars 2. He's largely responsible for the whole Tub Geralt thing, but still isn't sorry.
Joe DonnellyDeputy Editor, PC Gaming Show
Jake TuckerPC Gaming Show Editorial Director
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
1Best gaming monitors in 2025: the pixel-perfect panels I'd buy myself
2The best fish tank PC case in 2025: I've tested heaps of stylish chassis but only a few have earned my recommendation
3Best gaming laptop 2025: I've tested the best laptops for gaming of this generation and here are the ones I recommend
4Best Hall effect keyboards in 2025: the fastest, most customizable keyboards for competitive gaming
5Best PCIe 5.0 SSD for gaming in 2025: the only Gen 5 drives I will allow in my PC
2Escape from Tarkov review: Singularly unforgiving, dizzyingly complex, and like no other FPS out there
3Lenovo Legion 9i Gen 10 gaming laptop review
4Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 review – CoD at its most obnoxious
5LG UltraGear 27GX790A OLED gaming monitor review

