
--- SOURCE: https://www.thegamer.com/hollow-knight-silksong-reivew-scores-tied-clair-obscur-expedition-33/ ---
Sign in to your TheGamer account We've had Hollow Knight: Silksong for almost two weeks, and having been given enough time to get to grips with it, the reviews for the metroidvania sequel are still filtering in. There are enough of them out there now to gauge just where Silksong will fall in the race to be 2025's Game of the Year and, surprising no one, it's right there at the tippy top. With 45 Silksong reviews in at OpenCritic, including one from our very own Josh Robertson, who awarded the game a 4/5, Team Cherry's highly anticipated sequel has a score of 92. Not only is that a full two points higher than its critically acclaimed predecessor, but it's tied with Clair Obscur: Expedition 33's lofty score, a game that many believe already has this year's Game of the Year award locked in with three months still to go. Related Silksong's Surprisingly Brutal Difficulty Has Resulted In More Negative Steam Reviews Than You Might Expect "I like the difficulty but not the unnecessary punishment." Posts 4 By George Foster Sep 7, 2025 Silksong Is One Of The Best Games Of The Year Despite Its Punishing Difficulty "Its boss fights are exhilarating and challenging, its world is a gorgeous marvel to explore, its unpredictable art design is impeccable, and everything else about it looks and sounds stunning," our review reads. The only minor negative that drops its score from a perfect five to a still very impressive four is that its punishing difficulty can sometimes feel "obnoxious". Silksong's difficulty, and whether that's a fair critique of a video game and worthy of knocking points off of its review score, has been a hot-button topic during the game's first ten days. VGC gave Silksong a 3/5, notes that its difficulty veers more into tiring than challenging at times, and that those spikes negatively affect the pacing of the game. There are a lot of perfect scores for Silksong, of course, hence it settling on a 92. Screen Rant gave Silksong a 10/10, pointing to its masterful boss fights as one of the reasons why it received such a high score, and framing its controversial difficulty as a "high skill ceiling". Eurogamer also wasn't deterred by Silksong's difficulty, awarding it a 5/5 and noting that yes, the game is mean-spirited, by charmingly so. The lead for best-reviewed game of the year has changed hands several times. Monster Hunter Wilds, Split Fiction, and Blue Prince have all led the way. It's a little messier at the top of the pile right now, as even though Clair Obscur and Silksong are tied on 92, two games launched this year have higher scores. Shujinkou has a 94, but that's based on just seven reviews, and Tears of the Kingdom's Switch 2 edition also has a 94, but that's not really a game that was released in 2025. Hollow Knight: Silksong Follow Followed Metroidvania Action Adventure Soulslike Systems OpenCritic Reviews Top Critic Avg: 91/100 Critics Rec: 97% Released September 4, 2025 ESRB Everyone 10+ / Fantasy Violence, Mild Blood Developer(s) Team Cherry Publisher(s) Team Cherry 10 Images Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL Engine Unity Genre(s) Metroidvania, Action, Adventure, Soulslike Powered by Expand Collapse
We've had Hollow Knight: Silksong for almost two weeks, and having been given enough time to get to grips with it, the reviews for the metroidvania sequel are still filtering in. There are enough of them out there now to gauge just where Silksong will fall in the race to be 2025's Game of the Year and, surprising no one, it's right there at the tippy top.
With 45 Silksong reviews in at OpenCritic, including one from our very own Josh Robertson, who awarded the game a 4/5, Team Cherry's highly anticipated sequel has a score of 92. Not only is that a full two points higher than its critically acclaimed predecessor, but it's tied with Clair Obscur: Expedition 33's lofty score, a game that many believe already has this year's Game of the Year award locked in with three months still to go.
Silksong's Surprisingly Brutal Difficulty Has Resulted In More Negative Steam Reviews Than You Might Expect
"I like the difficulty but not the unnecessary punishment."
Silksong Is One Of The Best Games Of The Year Despite Its Punishing Difficulty
"Its boss fights are exhilarating and challenging, its world is a gorgeous marvel to explore, its unpredictable art design is impeccable, and everything else about it looks and sounds stunning," our review reads. The only minor negative that drops its score from a perfect five to a still very impressive four is that its punishing difficulty can sometimes feel "obnoxious".
Silksong's difficulty, and whether that's a fair critique of a video game and worthy of knocking points off of its review score, has been a hot-button topic during the game's first ten days. VGC gave Silksong a 3/5, notes that its difficulty veers more into tiring than challenging at times, and that those spikes negatively affect the pacing of the game.
There are a lot of perfect scores for Silksong, of course, hence it settling on a 92. Screen Rant gave Silksong a 10/10, pointing to its masterful boss fights as one of the reasons why it received such a high score, and framing its controversial difficulty as a "high skill ceiling". Eurogamer also wasn't deterred by Silksong's difficulty, awarding it a 5/5 and noting that yes, the game is mean-spirited, by charmingly so.
The lead for best-reviewed game of the year has changed hands several times. Monster Hunter Wilds, Split Fiction, and Blue Prince have all led the way. It's a little messier at the top of the pile right now, as even though Clair Obscur and Silksong are tied on 92, two games launched this year have higher scores. Shujinkou has a 94, but that's based on just seven reviews, and Tears of the Kingdom's Switch 2 edition also has a 94, but that's not really a game that was released in 2025.


--- SOURCE: https://gamerant.com/clair-obscur-vs-or-silksong-2025-best-indie-success-story/ ---
Sign in to your Game Rant account Gaming in 2025 started out a bit slow, but it eventually provided fans of every genre out there with something to play each month. Hack and slash fans got Dynasty Warriors: Origins in January, Monster Hunter Wilds was there for action RPG fans who like co-op, and March had Assassin's Creed Shadows, which fulfilled a longtime wish for series fans. April was a turning point for the year, because Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 broke all boundaries in terms of success, expectations, and critical ratings. Related Best Characters In Silksong Whether they’re in the game for a long time or leave after a quick introduction, these NPCs stand out in Hollow Knight: Silksong. Posts By Tristan Jurkovich Sep 9, 2025 It didn’t seem like a game could challenge it for Game of the Year potential until September, when, after years of waiting, Hollow Knight: Silksong was finally released. Both games are incredibly different, but they share one thing in common: they became global phenomena. So, which game has found better success in 2025 so far? Clair Obscur: The Debut Title Better Than Anyone Expected Team Cherry made their debut with Hollow Knight in 2017. While it did take a bit more time to get its momentum going, word of mouth spread, and it helped Team Cherry and their game rise to prominence, which then led to Hollow Knight: Silksong being put on a godlike pedestal. Based on Hollow Knight, fans had high expectations for the sequel, but Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was a different story. It was Sandfall Interactive’s first major release. For a debut game to review and sell as well as it did is a surprising miracle for the indie RPG community at large. Silksong: The Launch Was A Big Deal Everyone Was Playing It Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 launched on PC, PS5, and Xbox Series X, covering a significant number of major platforms. Plus, it was on Game Pass. Between all of this exposure, it was able to get around more than a console or PC-exclusive game might have done. Hollow Knight: Silksong’s launch was one of the most memorable in years as it crashed every digital platform under the sun, including Steam, when it was released. It was eventually playable on PC, PS4, PS5, Switch, Switch 2, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X on day one, which is a bigger audience size than Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, and as such, became a phenomenon more quickly because everyone started playing it all at once. Clair Obscur: Rejuvenating The Desire For Classic JRPGs The World’s First FRPG Could Give Japan Some Pointers Hollow Knight is one of the major indie Metroidvanias that helped rejuvenate interest in the genre, when bigger companies like Nintendo and Konami weren’t paying attention to their Metroidvania franchises. Hollow Knight: Silksong did not increase the desire for Metroidvanias in the same way, as the genre's popularity was already at its peak. However, the gameplay and design of Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 were so refined that it helped break through the turn-based stigma that many modern JRPGs have suffered from. Related Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 - 7 Hardest Bosses, Ranked From hand cramps to ridiculous self-healing abilities, the hardest bosses in Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 expect mastery from players, and nothing less Posts By Tristan Jurkovich May 6, 2025 The counter system and world map design were two solid design decisions that helped Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 feel different from most modern JRPGs, maybe in part because it was developed in France. Thanks to its success, fans are clamoring to see giant franchises like Final Fantasy return to turn-based gameplay, all because this French game showed that there is still life left in the turn-based JRPG genre. Silksong: The Raw Sales Asking To Pay More Is Wild Both of these games sold a lot of copies based on recent October 2025 data. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has sold about 5 million copies across all platforms, with the details about each console’s specific data being kept a secret. Hollow Knight: Silksong has sold about 6 million copies, which is even more impressive, given that it has only been out for six weeks at the time of writing. Technically, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 made more money because the standard price of the game was $50, meaning that, at most, it earned $250 million. Hollow Knight: Silksong retailed at $20 a pop, meaning Team Cherry could have made about $120 million, which appears less successful on the surface. Let’s not forget, though, that it only took a month to sell this many copies of Hollow Knight: Silksong, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has had a lot longer and has sold fewer copies overall. Clair Obscur: More Time To Shine In 2025’s Sun An Unfair Advantage In January, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was given a movie deal, which is wild considering the game wasn’t even out when that deal was signed. It seemed like a bad move then, but months later, after a successful launch and rave reviews, it seems like Story Kitchen, the movie studio, actually made an excellent move. They made a bet and it paid off, but all is not settled yet because the movie still has to be made. Game-to-movie adaptations can often go poorly, but there is hope. Hollow Knight: Silksong will probably not get a movie deal, but it does have plenty of merchandise already, thanks to places like Fangamer, which is something. Silksong: Comparing The Scores How Is This Mathematically Possible? Both of these games received almost the same review scores across the two biggest aggregate review sites: Metacritic and Open Critic. Both games settled at a whopping 97% on Open Critic, which is obviously very good. Across every platform reviewed, Hollow Knight: Silksong’s average on Metacritic is 91.6, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also 91.6, without rounding numbers up or down. Related 8 Strongest Characters In Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, Ranked From NPCs to party members, these Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 characters can demolish small cities if they want. Posts 3 By Tristan Jurkovich May 10, 2025 It almost seems like the games were destined to hash it out, but there is one other thing to consider. The highest Metacritic score for Hollow Knight: Silksong was the original Switch version at 94, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 got a high of 93 for the PS5 version. It may be small, but this gives Hollow Knight: Silksong a slight victory on review scores. Clair Obscur: No Negative Discourse For The Most Part Besides the game's launch breaking digital platforms, the other conversation surrounding Hollow Knight: Silksong’s release was the difficulty level. Many fans thought it was a lot harder than Hollow Knight because of the downward strike attack and high damage counters. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also a hard game, but there are difficulty settings to help with that. Plus, as an RPG, players can level up their party to get out of any situation eventually. This flexibility led to no major negativity around Clair Obscur: Expedition 33’s difficulty, nor any real negative discussion about any element of the game. On the other hand, Hollow Knight: Silksong, as financially successful as it is, is still tethered to its difficulty-level controversy. The Verdict Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Was Unexpected It’s hard to imagine a Game of the Year list in 2025 without both of these games on it. Who will win the coveted award from numerous publications is anyone’s guess, but both games have helped the industry immensely in 2025. In the end, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is the slightly more successful game, as it sold well, reviewed well, got a movie deal, rejuvenated its genre, and came out of nowhere to find a massive audience and unprecedented success. Hollow Knight: Silksong, as successful as it is, just hasn’t been fully embraced by everyone yet. While it is undoubtedly a fantastic game, given the pedigree of Hollow Knight, that wasn't totally unexpected. More Hollow Knight Silksong: Things We Want To See In DLC It’s already been a week, but Hollow Knight: Silksong is already thinking about DLC. Posts By Tristan Jurkovich Sep 12, 2025
Gaming in 2025 started out a bit slow, but it eventually provided fans of every genre out there with something to play each month. Hack and slash fans got Dynasty Warriors: Origins in January, Monster Hunter Wilds was there for action RPG fans who like co-op, and March had Assassin's Creed Shadows, which fulfilled a longtime wish for series fans. April was a turning point for the year, because Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 broke all boundaries in terms of success, expectations, and critical ratings.
Whether they’re in the game for a long time or leave after a quick introduction, these NPCs stand out in Hollow Knight: Silksong.
It didn’t seem like a game could challenge it for Game of the Year potential until September, when, after years of waiting, Hollow Knight: Silksong was finally released. Both games are incredibly different, but they share one thing in common: they became global phenomena. So, which game has found better success in 2025 so far?
Team Cherry made their debut with Hollow Knight in 2017. While it did take a bit more time to get its momentum going, word of mouth spread, and it helped Team Cherry and their game rise to prominence, which then led to Hollow Knight: Silksong being put on a godlike pedestal.
Based on Hollow Knight, fans had high expectations for the sequel, but Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was a different story. It was Sandfall Interactive’s first major release. For a debut game to review and sell as well as it did is a surprising miracle for the indie RPG community at large.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 launched on PC, PS5, and Xbox Series X, covering a significant number of major platforms. Plus, it was on Game Pass. Between all of this exposure, it was able to get around more than a console or PC-exclusive game might have done.
Hollow Knight: Silksong’s launch was one of the most memorable in years as it crashed every digital platform under the sun, including Steam, when it was released. It was eventually playable on PC, PS4, PS5, Switch, Switch 2, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X on day one, which is a bigger audience size than Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, and as such, became a phenomenon more quickly because everyone started playing it all at once.
Clair Obscur: Rejuvenating The Desire For Classic JRPGs
The World’s First FRPG Could Give Japan Some Pointers
Hollow Knight is one of the major indie Metroidvanias that helped rejuvenate interest in the genre, when bigger companies like Nintendo and Konami weren’t paying attention to their Metroidvania franchises. Hollow Knight: Silksong did not increase the desire for Metroidvanias in the same way, as the genre's popularity was already at its peak. However, the gameplay and design of Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 were so refined that it helped break through the turn-based stigma that many modern JRPGs have suffered from.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 - 7 Hardest Bosses, Ranked
From hand cramps to ridiculous self-healing abilities, the hardest bosses in Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 expect mastery from players, and nothing less
The counter system and world map design were two solid design decisions that helped Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 feel different from most modern JRPGs, maybe in part because it was developed in France. Thanks to its success, fans are clamoring to see giant franchises like Final Fantasy return to turn-based gameplay, all because this French game showed that there is still life left in the turn-based JRPG genre.
Both of these games sold a lot of copies based on recent October 2025 data. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has sold about 5 million copies across all platforms, with the details about each console’s specific data being kept a secret. Hollow Knight: Silksong has sold about 6 million copies, which is even more impressive, given that it has only been out for six weeks at the time of writing.
Technically, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 made more money because the standard price of the game was $50, meaning that, at most, it earned $250 million. Hollow Knight: Silksong retailed at $20 a pop, meaning Team Cherry could have made about $120 million, which appears less successful on the surface. Let’s not forget, though, that it only took a month to sell this many copies of Hollow Knight: Silksong, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has had a lot longer and has sold fewer copies overall.
Clair Obscur: More Time To Shine In 2025’s Sun
In January, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was given a movie deal, which is wild considering the game wasn’t even out when that deal was signed. It seemed like a bad move then, but months later, after a successful launch and rave reviews, it seems like Story Kitchen, the movie studio, actually made an excellent move.
They made a bet and it paid off, but all is not settled yet because the movie still has to be made. Game-to-movie adaptations can often go poorly, but there is hope. Hollow Knight: Silksong will probably not get a movie deal, but it does have plenty of merchandise already, thanks to places like Fangamer, which is something.
Both of these games received almost the same review scores across the two biggest aggregate review sites: Metacritic and Open Critic. Both games settled at a whopping 97% on Open Critic, which is obviously very good. Across every platform reviewed, Hollow Knight: Silksong’s average on Metacritic is 91.6, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also 91.6, without rounding numbers up or down.
8 Strongest Characters In Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, Ranked
From NPCs to party members, these Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 characters can demolish small cities if they want.
It almost seems like the games were destined to hash it out, but there is one other thing to consider. The highest Metacritic score for Hollow Knight: Silksong was the original Switch version at 94, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 got a high of 93 for the PS5 version. It may be small, but this gives Hollow Knight: Silksong a slight victory on review scores.
Besides the game's launch breaking digital platforms, the other conversation surrounding Hollow Knight: Silksong’s release was the difficulty level. Many fans thought it was a lot harder than Hollow Knight because of the downward strike attack and high damage counters.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also a hard game, but there are difficulty settings to help with that. Plus, as an RPG, players can level up their party to get out of any situation eventually. This flexibility led to no major negativity around Clair Obscur: Expedition 33’s difficulty, nor any real negative discussion about any element of the game. On the other hand, Hollow Knight: Silksong, as financially successful as it is, is still tethered to its difficulty-level controversy.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Was Unexpected
It’s hard to imagine a Game of the Year list in 2025 without both of these games on it. Who will win the coveted award from numerous publications is anyone’s guess, but both games have helped the industry immensely in 2025.
In the end, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is the slightly more successful game, as it sold well, reviewed well, got a movie deal, rejuvenated its genre, and came out of nowhere to find a massive audience and unprecedented success. Hollow Knight: Silksong, as successful as it is, just hasn’t been fully embraced by everyone yet. While it is undoubtedly a fantastic game, given the pedigree of Hollow Knight, that wasn't totally unexpected.
Hollow Knight Silksong: Things We Want To See In DLC
It’s already been a week, but Hollow Knight: Silksong is already thinking about DLC.


--- SOURCE: https://en.softonic.com/articles/the-highest-rated-game-of-the-year-is-not-clair-obscur-expedition-33-or-hollow-knight-silksong-but-a-roguelike-that-is-entering-early-access-today ---
SoftonicSeptember 26, 2025Updated: September 26, 2025 at 8:41 AM2025 is shaping up to be a standout year in the world of video games, with a variety of titles competing for the prestigious Game of the Year (GOTY) recognition. Among the most acclaimed is Hades 2, the highly anticipated roguelike from Supergiant Games, which has been released in early access and is now available on both PC and the new Switch 2 console. With an average of 95 on Metacritic for its PC version and 94 for Switch 2, Hades 2 has received high ratings, positioning itself as one of the favorites of the year. Hades 2 dominates among the audience and criticsHades 2 surpasses other contenders like Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 and Hollow Knight: Silksong, which have ratings of 93 and 92, respectively. However, it is noteworthy that Hades 2 is tied in score with the ports of The Legend of Zelda, which also hold a 95, although these are not releases from 2025. Critics have praised the evolution of Hades 2, which has improved its content and gameplay through multiple updates since its early access. In addition to Hades 2, other titles are catching the attention of players, such as Shujinkou, an educational JRPG that has begun to gain recognition, and Blue Prince, released earlier this year with a rating of 92 on Metacritic. Split Fiction is also making a mark, with a score of 91, and is in the conversation, along with other titles like Donkey Kong Bananza, Death Stranding 2, and Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2, which could be on the list of nominees for the Game Awards.However, this year is not without concerns, especially regarding the acceptance of the Nintendo Switch 2 in the market. Some analysts and players have expressed their worries about the future of the console, which could have a significant impact on its development and on the industry as a whole. Steam DOWNLOAD SoftonicLatest from SoftonicThey discovered this lost game just over a month ago and have already translated it into EnglishQuentin Tarantino claims that his favorite movie of the 21st century is a sequel and also an animated film that you have seen and loveDiddy sues 50 Cent and Netflix over an upcoming biopic about his lifeWe know the duration of the last episode of Stranger Things and you'll need to make time to watch itEditorial GuidelinesYou may also likeNewsThe Real Value of Adobe Creative CloudRead moreNewsThey discovered this lost game just over a month ago and have already translated it into EnglishRead moreNewsOne of the games that has been the biggest hit this year continues to reject microtransactionsRead moreNewsThe creator of Monkey Island cancels the Zelda-inspired RPG he was developingRead moreNewsThis anime will premiere its second season after almost a decade of waitingRead moreNewsThe CGI Christmas movie that wanted to compete against 'Toy Story' in 1995 and failedRead moreRead more stories
2025 is shaping up to be a standout year in the world of video games, with a variety of titles competing for the prestigious Game of the Year (GOTY) recognition. Among the most acclaimed is Hades 2, the highly anticipated roguelike from Supergiant Games, which has been released in early access and is now available on both PC and the new Switch 2 console. With an average of 95 on Metacritic for its PC version and 94 for Switch 2, Hades 2 has received high ratings, positioning itself as one of the favorites of the year.
Hades 2 dominates among the audience and critics
Hades 2 surpasses other contenders like Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 and Hollow Knight: Silksong, which have ratings of 93 and 92, respectively. However, it is noteworthy that Hades 2 is tied in score with the ports of The Legend of Zelda, which also hold a 95, although these are not releases from 2025. Critics have praised the evolution of Hades 2, which has improved its content and gameplay through multiple updates since its early access.
In addition to Hades 2, other titles are catching the attention of players, such as Shujinkou, an educational JRPG that has begun to gain recognition, and Blue Prince, released earlier this year with a rating of 92 on Metacritic. Split Fiction is also making a mark, with a score of 91, and is in the conversation, along with other titles like Donkey Kong Bananza, Death Stranding 2, and Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2, which could be on the list of nominees for the Game Awards.
However, this year is not without concerns, especially regarding the acceptance of the Nintendo Switch 2 in the market. Some analysts and players have expressed their worries about the future of the console, which could have a significant impact on its development and on the industry as a whole.
They discovered this lost game just over a month ago and have already translated it into English
Quentin Tarantino claims that his favorite movie of the 21st century is a sequel and also an animated film that you have seen and love
Diddy sues 50 Cent and Netflix over an upcoming biopic about his life
We know the duration of the last episode of Stranger Things and you'll need to make time to watch it
NewsThe Real Value of Adobe Creative CloudRead more
NewsThey discovered this lost game just over a month ago and have already translated it into EnglishRead more
NewsOne of the games that has been the biggest hit this year continues to reject microtransactionsRead more
One of the games that has been the biggest hit this year continues to reject microtransactions
NewsThe creator of Monkey Island cancels the Zelda-inspired RPG he was developingRead more
The creator of Monkey Island cancels the Zelda-inspired RPG he was developing
NewsThis anime will premiere its second season after almost a decade of waitingRead more
This anime will premiere its second season after almost a decade of waiting
NewsThe CGI Christmas movie that wanted to compete against 'Toy Story' in 1995 and failedRead more
The CGI Christmas movie that wanted to compete against 'Toy Story' in 1995 and failed


--- SOURCE: https://screenrant.com/hollow-knight-silksong-game-awards-expedition-33/ ---
Sign in to your ScreenRant account It's no secret that Hollow Knight: Silksong was one of the biggest hits of 2025, with an absolutely massive number of players and positive reviews. Despite its success, Team Cherry doesn't seem keen on making an appearance at this year's Game Awards. While Team Cherry is busy chipping away at Silksong's next major content update, it's not the only reason they don't plan on flying out this year. During an interview with Bloomberg, Silksong developer Ari Gibson stated that they "think [they]'re safe" from having to give any award speeches for GOTY this time around, and that Expedition 33 is more likely to take home the prize. Although Silksong is likely to win at least a few awards this year, its developers are worried that the difficulty of Silksong puts them at a "knife's edge" compared to Expedition 33's ease of access. Team Cherry Is Too Busy To Worry About This Year's Game Awards Even in the days leading up to Silksong's long-awaited release, Team Cherry was still working away at adding as many details and features as they could to the full experience, which is already carrying over into its next update. With future DLC already confirmed on the horizon, and even talks about the next step for the studio outside of Hollow Knight, it's not hard to see why Team Cherry doesn't have time for the Game Awards this year. The interview also revealed insights into the intense but freeing development cycle that Silksong underwent during its more than seven years of production, highlighting just how busy they've been for all this time. Now that Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has already broken records for nominations at this year's game awards, Team Cherry's decision to focus on development isn't the most surprising. All the same, it would be a shame not to see it get the recognition it deserves in a public setting. Expedition 33 Is Already Providing Tough Competition At Award Shows Emma from Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 giving a speech. As if Clair Obscur's Game Award nominations weren't already a sign of what to expect this year, the hit RPG managed to win every award it was nominated for at the public-based Golden Joystick Awards. Although Silksong did manage to squeeze out a win for Best Self-Published Indie Game and PC Game Of The Year, it's clear that Expedition 33 is the game to beat this year. Even outside of Expedition 33's already monumental run at The Golden Joystick and its Game Award nominations this year, 2025 as a whole has been an incredible year for gaming, with fantastic releases for just about every genre out there. Hollow Knight: Silksong was able to shake up the industry drastically with a monumental release that even managed to crash the Steam Store, so there's still hope that Team Cherry's latest masterpiece is able to get some well-deserved love at this year's Game Awards. 9.0/10 10/10 Hollow Knight: Silksong 10 stars 9 stars 8 stars 7 stars 6 stars 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Follow Followed Metroidvania Action Adventure Soulslike Systems OpenCritic Reviews Top Critic Avg: 91/100 Critics Rec: 97% Released September 4, 2025 ESRB Everyone 10+ / Fantasy Violence, Mild Blood Developer(s) Team Cherry Publisher(s) Team Cherry Engine Unity 10 Images Genre(s) Metroidvania, Action, Adventure, Soulslike Powered by Expand Collapse
It's no secret that Hollow Knight: Silksong was one of the biggest hits of 2025, with an absolutely massive number of players and positive reviews. Despite its success, Team Cherry doesn't seem keen on making an appearance at this year's Game Awards. While Team Cherry is busy chipping away at Silksong's next major content update, it's not the only reason they don't plan on flying out this year.
During an interview with Bloomberg, Silksong developer Ari Gibson stated that they "think [they]'re safe" from having to give any award speeches for GOTY this time around, and that Expedition 33 is more likely to take home the prize. Although Silksong is likely to win at least a few awards this year, its developers are worried that the difficulty of Silksong puts them at a "knife's edge" compared to Expedition 33's ease of access.
Team Cherry Is Too Busy To Worry About This Year's Game Awards
Even in the days leading up to Silksong's long-awaited release, Team Cherry was still working away at adding as many details and features as they could to the full experience, which is already carrying over into its next update.
With future DLC already confirmed on the horizon, and even talks about the next step for the studio outside of Hollow Knight, it's not hard to see why Team Cherry doesn't have time for the Game Awards this year. The interview also revealed insights into the intense but freeing development cycle that Silksong underwent during its more than seven years of production, highlighting just how busy they've been for all this time.
Now that Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has already broken records for nominations at this year's game awards, Team Cherry's decision to focus on development isn't the most surprising. All the same, it would be a shame not to see it get the recognition it deserves in a public setting.
Expedition 33 Is Already Providing Tough Competition At Award Shows
As if Clair Obscur's Game Award nominations weren't already a sign of what to expect this year, the hit RPG managed to win every award it was nominated for at the public-based Golden Joystick Awards. Although Silksong did manage to squeeze out a win for Best Self-Published Indie Game and PC Game Of The Year, it's clear that Expedition 33 is the game to beat this year.
Even outside of Expedition 33's already monumental run at The Golden Joystick and its Game Award nominations this year, 2025 as a whole has been an incredible year for gaming, with fantastic releases for just about every genre out there.
Hollow Knight: Silksong was able to shake up the industry drastically with a monumental release that even managed to crash the Steam Store, so there's still hope that Team Cherry's latest masterpiece is able to get some well-deserved love at this year's Game Awards.


--- SOURCE: https://www.sportskeeda.com/esports/death-stranding-2-vs-clair-obscur-expedition-33-who-s-frontrunner-for-goty-2025 ---
Death Stranding 2 vs Clair Obscur Expedition 33: Who’s the frontrunner for GOTY 2025?
The 2025 edition of The Game Awards is scheduled for December 11, 2025. The year 2025 has been a goldmine of game releases, but two titles have truly stood out, thanks to their critical acclaim and overwhelming support from fans. These are Death Stranding 2 On the Beach by Kojima Productions and Sandfall Interactive's Clair Obscur Expedition 33.
However, questions have been raised about which of the two could lead the race for the highly anticipated GOTY 2025 title. In this article, we explore both Death Stranding 2 and Clair Obscur Expedition 33 to see which one stands as the stronger contender for this year’s Game Awards.
Death Stranding 2 surpasses Expedition 33 as the highest-rated game on the PlayStation Store
Death Stranding 2 has quickly earned its place at the top of the PlayStation Store, boasting a 4.93 user score, which is only just ahead of Clair Obscur’s 4.91. With 97% of its ratings being a perfect five stars, it’s clear that Kojima’s sequel is being favored by fans.
Looking for Crossword hints & solutions? Check out latest NYT Mini Crossword Answers, LA Times Crossword Answers, and Atlantic Crossword Answers
Unlike its predecessor, which received a more mixed response, Death Stranding 2 is being praised for smoothing out everything that already worked well before. With smoother traversal, improved pacing, emotional storytelling, and stunning visuals, the sequel feels like a more refined and focused experience overall.
However, the sequel doesn’t dramatically reinvent the formula. It builds upon the original’s systems, adding some new elements like environmental hazards and a wider range of tools, but it still feels like the classic Death Stranding. This is both its strength and its potential weakness.
Clair Obscur is still the favorite in many eyes
Clair Obscur Expedition 33 took everyone by surprise earlier in 2025. A brand-new IP from indie studio Sandfall Interactive, it blends turn-based combat with real-time mechanics in a way that feels fresh and exciting.
The game didn’t just earn praise; it also shattered records. With a 93 critic score on Metacritic and an astonishing 9.7 user score based on over 17,000 reviews, it has instantly become a fan favorite. In comparison, Death Stranding 2 holds a 90 critic score and an 8.9 user score.
What makes Expedition 33 special isn’t just the gameplay – it’s the art direction, storytelling, soundtrack, and the fact that it dared to bring innovation back to turn-based RPGs. In a market that often plays it safe, Clair Obscur is bold, risky, and wildly creative. It offers something genuinely new, and that could be the deciding factor come awards season.
This year’s GOTY showdown could come down to one core difference, which is innovation versus refinement. Death Stranding 2 is polished – it looks, feels, and sounds incredible. But it’s not a massive leap from the first game.
On the other hand, Expedition 33 comes as a breath of fresh air in the turn-based adventure genre that many may have forgotten.
That difference matters. The Game Awards often favors risk-takers. Past winners like It Takes Two, Disco Elysium, and Breath of the Wild were praised for breaking new ground. If history is any indication, Clair Obscur’s boldness might give it the edge.
Upcoming games that could also be strong contenders
Since 2025 isn't over, many upcoming games could also be possible nominees for GOTY 2025. With The Outer Worlds 2, Ghost of Yotei, Donkey Kong Bananza, and even Hollow Knight Silksong set to drop later this year, the field could still shift dramatically.
Games like Split Fiction, The Alters, Kingdom Come Deliverance II, and several other 2025 releases may also prove to be strong contenders for a GOTY nomination.
Still, at this point, in 2025, the spotlight is squarely on Death Stranding 2 and Clair Obscur Expedition 33, two wildly different games representing different gameplay styles.
Death Stranding 2 delivers a cinematic, emotional, and technically outstanding experience that improves on nearly every aspect of its predecessor. Clair Obscur Expedition 33, however, brings bold new ideas, genre-defying combat, and a unique artistic vision to the table.
All things considered, while Death Stranding 2 delivers a near-perfect experience, Expedition 33 stands out with its originality and bold innovation. It might just be the stronger contender between the two, but with The Game Awards, anything can happen.
With five months remaining in 2025 and a few heavy hitters still waiting in line, the 2025 GOTY race is anything but settled. The battle between Death Stranding 2 and Clair Obscur might be one of the most compelling face-offs the industry has seen in years.
Also read: Death Stranding 2 pre-order guide: Editions and bonuses
Are you stuck on today's Wordle? Our Wordle Solver will help you find the answer.


--- SOURCE: https://leveluptalk.com/news/expedition-33-vs-death-stranding-2-gamer-choice/ ---
Expedition 33 or death stranding 2: which game wins?
Expedition 33 vs Death Stranding 2 | Which Game Will Win Gamers’ Hearts?
A growing discussion among gamers is heating up as they weigh the merits of Expedition 33 against Death Stranding 2. Players express a desire for a game they can immerse themselves in for weeks.
The Heart of the Matter: What’s Being Said?
With both titles generating buzz, opinions vary widely online. One user mentioned, "I just want a masterpiece I can enjoy for the next few weeks." This sentiment echoes through several comments, revealing a yearning for engaging gameplay.
Initial Reactions are Favoring Expedition 33
Many comments lean toward Expedition 33, highlighting its affordability and fresh appeal as a new IP. One commenter recommended, "I say buy Expedition 33 first. It’s only $50 and has an amazing story."
Notable points from the discussion include:
Replayability: Enthusiasts praise Expedition 33 for its better replay factor, suggesting various challenge runs.
Pricing: At $50, it undercuts the $70 price tag of Death Stranding 2, appealing to cost-conscious gamers.
Story Engagement: The lack of previous game experience doesn't hinder enjoyment. As one user noted, "You don’t need to have played the first installment to love Expedition 33."
Contrasting Perspectives on Death Stranding 2
On the flip side, some gamers caution against diving straight into Death Stranding 2 without experiencing the first title. A user commented, "I really cannot recommend DS2 if you haven't played the first game," emphasizing the risk of confusion regarding the storyline.
🌟 Expedition 33 is praised for its engaging story and price.
💬 "You can’t enjoy Death Stranding 2 fully without context from the first game."
🔄 Death Stranding 2 is seen as offering low replay value post-completion.
As of now, Expedition 33 seems to command the attention of players looking for a rich gaming experience, while Death Stranding 2's appeal may be limited to those already familiar with its narrative. With strong sentiments backing both titles, the battle for the best gaming experience continues. 🕹️
As the gaming community continues to buzz about Expedition 33 and Death Stranding 2, it's likely we'll see a split in player engagement. There's a strong chance that Expedition 33 will capture the hearts of casual gamers looking for affordable fun, with experts estimating around a 60% preference for it in upcoming forums. Conversely, die-hard fans of the original Death Stranding might rally to support its sequel, resulting in a 40% interest in Death Stranding 2 among dedicated players who value narrative depth. The competition could heat up during sales events, and community feedback may drive further promotions or updates from developers, keeping both titles in the limelight as favorites in gamers' choices.
Echoes from the Past: A Lesson in Gaming Rivalry
This situation reminds us of the competition between classic shooters, Doom and Quake, in the late '90s. While Doom offered thrilling single-player experiences that appealed to casual fans, Quake forged ahead with its multiplayer focus, attracting competitive gaming enthusiasts. Much like today’s debate, players had to choose their loyalty based on style and experience preferences. This historical competition enriched the overall gaming scene, creating lasting legacies for both titles. Likewise, Expedition 33 and Death Stranding 2 could forge their paths, contributing to a dynamic gaming landscape shaped by player tastes and experiences.


--- SOURCE: https://www.ign.com/articles/is-game-of-the-year-2025-donkey-kong-bananza-clair-obscur-expedition-33-death-stranding-2 ---
Three front-runners have quickly taken control of the conversation.
We’re a little over halfway through 2025, but there’s a strong case for calling the Game of the Year race over, even before the end of summer.
Typically, the time to start thinking about Game of the Year is after all the fall releases come out, and we can take stock of all the great games that came out across the 10 or 11 previous months. And while there are still some exciting games on the horizon, three have made a strong claim on the GOTY crown already, and it’s hard to imagine any of them losing steam anytime soon.
With under half a year left in 2025, let’s look back at our three front-runners and how they each captured everyone’s attention. Can they hold onto their status as this year’s best game? Or will we see an upset in the coming months?
There’s a popular consensus, both among IGN staff and in the public, that Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 from developer Sandfall Interactive, Death Stranding 2: On the Beach from Kojima Productions, and Donkey Kong Bananza from Nintendo EPD are leading the GOTY race in 2025.
Each of these games received rave reviews and captured the popular imagination for different reasons. What’s more, each of them is associated with one of gaming’s “Big Three.” Death Stranding 2 and Donkey Kong Bananza are PlayStation and Nintendo exclusives, respectively. Meanwhile, Expedition 33 launched day one on Xbox Game Pass to quickly become one of the service’s most popular games. So let’s start there…
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Emerges From Obscurity
Arguably, the biggest surprise of the year is Clair Obscur: Expedition 33. Made by a core team of around 30 developers, Sandfall Interactive’s debut has become the toast of the games industry, given that it’s a brand-new IP from a small studio that quickly went on to sell 3.3 million copies within 33 days.
Expedition 33 is about the eponymous exploration team sent to stop a god-like entity known as the Paintress. Each year, the Paintress draws a new number on a colossal stone pillar, and any citizen of the fictional city of Lumiere who is the same age or older than that number disappears. This event, known as the Gommage, has been inflicting a devastating emotional toll on the people of Lumiere each and every year, not least because the number decreases annually, thus extinguishing younger and younger citizens.
It’s not hard to see why Expedition 33 became such a success. This modern take on the classic JRPG formula is exhilarating to play thanks to the way it combines turn-based combat with real-time actions like dodges and parries. And the excellent, heart-wrenching story is led by a stellar cast of characters voiced by talented actors such as Charlie Cox, Ben Starr, and Jennifer English.
The remarkable thing about Expedition 33 is that it truly feels like it came out of nowhere. Initially announced at the 2024 Summer Games Fest with a striking trailer, not much was known about this game heading into launch. While two of the studio’s founders are former Ubisoft developers, many members of the team were found on sites like Reddit, ArtStation, and SoundCloud. While the reports about Expedition 33 being made by 33 developers are a bit misleading (Sandfall’s small core team worked with several specialist companies for QA, music, performance capture, and other development disciplines), it doesn’t take away from the impressive feat achieved with Expedition 33.
Death Stranding 2: On the Beach Returns Kojima to His Best
Death Stranding 2: On the Beach is a return to form for one of gaming’s most famous directors, Hideo Kojima. While many fans enjoyed the first Death Stranding, I think few would say it was on par with Kojima’s previous work on the Metal Gear Solid franchise. Not so with his sequel, On the Beach, which improves on virtually every aspect of the first game.
The story of Death Stranding 2 picks up shortly after the events of the original, and once again stars Norman Reedus as the post-apocalyptic delivery man Sam Porter Bridges. This time, Sam makes his way across Mexico and Australia to reconnect the world following a mysterious catastrophe known as the Death Stranding. Along with the new environment, he’s joined by a crew of new characters like the transdimensional ship captain Tarman, a rain mystic appropriately named Rainy, a mysterious young woman called Tomorrow, the talking figurine companion Dollman, and Sam’s former delivery competitor, Fragile.
With Death Stranding 2, Kojima Productions refined the original game’s core traversal challenge gameplay experience to a fine point. Players are free to combine any number of tools, like ladders and floating carriers, to make their way through hostile terrain, and Death Stranding 2’s combat has been dramatically improved thanks to an expanded arsenal of weapons and skills. Why shoot bullets at enemies when you can karate kick them in the head using techniques taught to you by Ghost in the Shell director Mamoru Oshii?
Death Stranding 2: 45 Amazing Details That Blew Us Away
Yes, Death Stranding 2 is a strange game, but it’s also unlike any other AAA game out there. Amid a wave of glowing reviews, Death Stranding 2 feels like a reminder that there’s no one quite like Kojima when it comes to game development. Not only are there all kinds of bizarre and wonderful little details in Death Stranding 2, but all the technical and visual improvements in the sequel make this the best game Kojima has directed since he left Konami.
Donkey Kong Bananza Is the Switch 2’s Super Mario Odyssey AND Breath of the Wild
Donkey Kong is perhaps Nintendo’s second-most famous mascot after Mario, but the prospect of a new 3D Donkey Kong game still raised plenty of eyebrows. Not only is Bananza the first 3D Donkey Kong platformer since 1999’s rocky Donkey Kong 64, but as a Switch 2 launch window exclusive, a lot was riding on the big ape’s massive shoulders – DK needed to propel Nintendo’s newest console to success.
Well, any skepticism has seemingly been put to bed as Donkey Kong Bananza looks like the Switch 2’s first killer app. DK is back in the spotlight, this time as a miner who spends his days digging deep below the Earth’s surface to find Banandium Gems, banana-shaped crystals that he loves to eat. One day, DK and his crew are swallowed up by a giant sinkhole in the ground and he, along with his new friend Pauline, must find a way back up to the surface where they belong.
We gave Bananza a 10 in our review, the first perfect score for a full-length game since 2023 (Our only full-marks reviews in 2024 were for Elden Ring’s Shadow of the Erdtree DLC and a re-review of the then-newly updated Stardew Valley), and for good reason. This open-world adventure might seem like Donkey Kong by way of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild mixed with a “destroy everything in sight” gimmick on the (sub-)surface. But the Bananza team – the same developers behind Super Mario Odyssey – have plenty of tricks up their sleeves.
While I’d hate to spoil all that Bananza has to offer, considering it’s only just come out, it features moments that rival the best 3D Mario games. One standout detail is how there are different kinds of sediment in Bananza, from regular bedrock that can be easily crushed, to muddy clay or steel that require different strategies to manipulate. You’re practically an amateur geologist by the end of the game. Plus, nothing else in all of gaming feels as satisfying as smashing through entire levels as DK. Well, save for swinging Kratos’ axe in God of War, perhaps.
While these three releases have dominated the Game of the Year conversation, there are still yet-to-be-released games on the 2025 calendar that could elbow into the conversation. Biggest among them is Ghost of Yotei, Sucker Punch’s long-awaited sequel to Ghost of Tsushima.
The recent PlayStation deep-dive into Ghost of Yotei showed off a variety of exciting gameplay improvements and features, like the return of the different director modes, which will give Ghost of Yotei a different vibe depending on which director’s style you choose. Kurosawa Mode returns and turns the world into a classic, black-and-white samurai film, but new additions like Watanabe Mode will give the game a lo-fi hip-hop soundtrack similar to the director’s famous anime, Samurai Champloo.
There’s also the upcoming Borderlands 4. While the last Borderlands game left a lot to be desired, especially for long-time fans of the series, Borderlands remains incredibly popular. Gearbox says it’s heard your complaints about the last game and is promising a much better experience with the new title. 2012’s Borderlands 2 remains a series high-point and was nominated for several Game of the Year awards, and there’s no reason Gearbox can’t reach those same highs again.
The Outer Worlds 2 and Metroid Prime 4: Beyond are also exciting games to look forward to this year. While the first Outer Worlds was a generally well-received game, Obsidian Entertainment has been on a roll with games like Pentiment and Avowed, and The Outer Worlds 2 could continue this winning streak. Meanwhile, fans are no doubt excited for the first new Metroid Prime game in 18(!) years. It’s worth remembering that Beyond did undergo a complete reboot in the middle of its development, so we’ll wait and see how that impacts the final release.
Lastly, there’s Konami’s Silent Hill f, which looks to build on the massive success of the Silent Hill 2 remake with a brand-new entry that takes the series to Japan for the first time in series history. Konami seems fully invested in turning Silent Hill into a major franchise again, and between hiring famous Japanese writer Ryukishi 07 to pen the story for Silent Hill f, and bringing back original composer Akira Yamaoka, there’s reason to believe Konami can continue the Silent Hill renaissance.
The bar for GOTY has been set very high indeed with games like Expedition 33, Death Stranding 2, and Donkey Kong Bananza, and this great string of game releases isn’t likely to be over just yet. 2025 is shaping up to be quite the strong year if some fans are already calling the race for Game of the Year over by July. Personally, I’m looking forward to seeing how we’re all feeling come this December when we make our official announcement for IGN’s Best Game of 2025, and see who takes the top accolade at The Game Awards 2025.
Matt Kim is IGN's Senior Features Editor.
Subscribe to the IGN Newsletter and get the latest in gaming and entertainment delivered to your inbox. By subscribing you confirm that you are 18 years of age or older and you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


--- SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWNr9Ac1JQI ---
Expedition 33 vs Death Stranding 2 - The Ultimate 2025 Game of the Year Showdown!
Game of The Year 2025 is Going To Be A RIDICULOUS Fight
Death Stranding 2 Is Kojima's Latest Fever Dream
What's Your Profession? | Playing the Room | Crowdwork Standup Comedy by Jaspreet Singh
Your Windows 11 Computer’s Hidden Spy: The Dark Truth About TPM Chips
Beginner vs Oscar Winning Actress (Same Scene)
The Details That Reframe the Ending of Expedition 33 | Clair Obscur: The End
10 Things You Didn’t Know Were Possible In Death Stranding 2
Reality Of '19 Min Viral Video Link' That India Is Searching For | Shame On Who? | Akash Banerjee
PUTIN - GODI MEDIA? POLLUTION? HIREN JOSHI? & RUPEE VALUE
What Forced Modi Govt's U-Turn On Sanchar Saathi? | Pegasus Like App On Our Phones? | Akash Banerjee
28 Perfect 10/10 Single-Player Games You Must Play
Windows 11 Is a Lost Cause. Truly Destined for the Garbage. Don't Upgrade from 10
My Wife's Lover | RelationSh!t Advice ft.‪ @ashishsolanki_1 @ahsaaschannaofficial @Aadar
Death Stranding 2: On the Beach vs Original | Direct Comparison
The threats from AI are real | Sen. Bernie Sanders
The FULL Story of Death Stranding Explained (1 & 2)
Elon Musk: A Different Conversation w/ Nikhil Kamath | Full Episode | People by WTF Ep. 16
Expedition 33 Combat Masterclass - How The Game SHOULD Have Taught You


--- SOURCE: https://www.polygon.com/goty-2025-silksong-clair-obscur-difficulty/ ---
Due to the unusual rollout that developer Team Cherry has given to Hollow Knight: Silksong, with no review codes distributed in advance of its Sept. 4 release, we don’t yet have a complete picture of the critical response to the game. Many reviewers, Polygon’s included, are still working their way through a game that’s already become notorious for its difficulty. But enough reviews have surfaced to give us a clear indication of where Silksong’s critical reputation will land — and the result has fascinating implications for the 2025 Game of the Year race. At the time of writing, Silksong has an aggregate score of 93 on Metacritc and 92 on OpenCritic. These ratings are exactly the same as those for the current favorite to win Game of the Year at The Game Awards in December: Clair Obscur: Expedition 33. And aggregate review ratings are one of the strongest indicators of success at The Game Awards. It looks like we have a dead heat on our hands. But do we? It’s important to note that Silksong currently has far fewer reviews on file than Sandfall Interactive’s role-playing game. As more reviews come in, its rating will fluctuate. The first reviewers out of the gate all filed breathless raves, meaning that Silksong debuted on both sites with a perfect score of 100, which then deflated quickly. But at this stage we have a fair sample of the critical consensus, and the ratings are unlikely to change by more than one percentage point — two at the outside. Crucially, Silksong already has reviews from a representative cross-section of sites that traditionally form part of The Game Awards’ large international jury, including the U.K.’s Eurogamer, India’s GamingBolt, Canada’s Screen Rant, Italy’s Multiplayer.it, France’s Jeuxvideo.com, South Korea’s Inven, and Germany’s PC Games.de. All of these filed 9s and 10s, with the exception of China’s Gamersky, which settled on 8.5. In his five-star review on Eurogamer, Christian Donlan wrestles with the game’s difficulty but ultimately comes to value it as an expression of Team Cherry’s distinctive intent and personality. “It's a Metroidvania with rare poise and — this is crucial, even after a recent patch — a fearsome sense of conviction,” he writes. “I was halfway through the slog, whining about locked benches, losing rosaries by the dozen, returning to bosses who I already knew would kill me in seconds even if the road back to them didn't kill me first, and I suddenly realised I was having fun. Why? Because this was all intentional. The cruelty was part of what the team wanted to offer players. They'd found a way to make a lot of it entertaining.” Image: Team Cherry Most reviewers agree with this sentiment, but Donlan here puts his finger on one reason why Silksong may struggle to unseat Clair Obscur as the GOTY favorite. Reviewers, needing to push through the game for work, have mostly reached a point where they understand and value how hard it is, but the same doesn’t apply to everyone. Many outlets that vote in The Game Awards canvass their whole editorial staff for their opinions, not just the critics who happen to have reviewed the top games. In this context, Silksong’s willingness to challenge players hard from its earliest stages may well count against it. It has certainly soured the public discussion of the game. Silksong, too, is a true indie game — albeit one that has seen an almost unprecedented level of anticipation, and whose developers have enjoyed a luxuriously long development process. As such, it comes with aesthetics and expectations that don’t generally mesh with what The Game Awards values in the Game of the Year category, which has never been won by an indie game — or a game with 2D graphics, for that matter. Clair Obscur, on the other hand, gets to benefit from some of the goodwill usually generated by indies — it’s a debut game from an upstart studio, and an obvious passion project — while also possessing the slick production values that The Game Awards jury so often responds to. It’s also an original, which grants it the virtues of novelty and surprise. Silksong may be a sensation, but it’s a sequel, deeply familiar to anyone who played the first Hollow Knight. These may be the reasons why, despite its very strong critical reception, Silksong has done almost nothing to dent Clair Obscur’s commanding lead in the GOTY race on the betting market Kalshi. It looks like we’ll be waiting at least one more year for the first indie GOTY winner. But then again, there’s always Hades 2…
Due to the unusual rollout that developer Team Cherry has given to Hollow Knight: Silksong, with no review codes distributed in advance of its Sept. 4 release, we don’t yet have a complete picture of the critical response to the game. Many reviewers, Polygon’s included, are still working their way through a game that’s already become notorious for its difficulty.
But enough reviews have surfaced to give us a clear indication of where Silksong’s critical reputation will land — and the result has fascinating implications for the 2025 Game of the Year race.
At the time of writing, Silksong has an aggregate score of 93 on Metacritc and 92 on OpenCritic. These ratings are exactly the same as those for the current favorite to win Game of the Year at The Game Awards in December: Clair Obscur: Expedition 33. And aggregate review ratings are one of the strongest indicators of success at The Game Awards. It looks like we have a dead heat on our hands. But do we?
It’s important to note that Silksong currently has far fewer reviews on file than Sandfall Interactive’s role-playing game. As more reviews come in, its rating will fluctuate. The first reviewers out of the gate all filed breathless raves, meaning that Silksong debuted on both sites with a perfect score of 100, which then deflated quickly. But at this stage we have a fair sample of the critical consensus, and the ratings are unlikely to change by more than one percentage point — two at the outside.
Crucially, Silksong already has reviews from a representative cross-section of sites that traditionally form part of The Game Awards’ large international jury, including the U.K.’s Eurogamer, India’s GamingBolt, Canada’s Screen Rant, Italy’s Multiplayer.it, France’s Jeuxvideo.com, South Korea’s Inven, and Germany’s PC Games.de. All of these filed 9s and 10s, with the exception of China’s Gamersky, which settled on 8.5.
In his five-star review on Eurogamer, Christian Donlan wrestles with the game’s difficulty but ultimately comes to value it as an expression of Team Cherry’s distinctive intent and personality. “It's a Metroidvania with rare poise and — this is crucial, even after a recent patch — a fearsome sense of conviction,” he writes. “I was halfway through the slog, whining about locked benches, losing rosaries by the dozen, returning to bosses who I already knew would kill me in seconds even if the road back to them didn't kill me first, and I suddenly realised I was having fun. Why? Because this was all intentional. The cruelty was part of what the team wanted to offer players. They'd found a way to make a lot of it entertaining.”
Most reviewers agree with this sentiment, but Donlan here puts his finger on one reason why Silksong may struggle to unseat Clair Obscur as the GOTY favorite. Reviewers, needing to push through the game for work, have mostly reached a point where they understand and value how hard it is, but the same doesn’t apply to everyone. Many outlets that vote in The Game Awards canvass their whole editorial staff for their opinions, not just the critics who happen to have reviewed the top games. In this context, Silksong’s willingness to challenge players hard from its earliest stages may well count against it. It has certainly soured the public discussion of the game.
Silksong, too, is a true indie game — albeit one that has seen an almost unprecedented level of anticipation, and whose developers have enjoyed a luxuriously long development process. As such, it comes with aesthetics and expectations that don’t generally mesh with what The Game Awards values in the Game of the Year category, which has never been won by an indie game — or a game with 2D graphics, for that matter.
Clair Obscur, on the other hand, gets to benefit from some of the goodwill usually generated by indies — it’s a debut game from an upstart studio, and an obvious passion project — while also possessing the slick production values that The Game Awards jury so often responds to. It’s also an original, which grants it the virtues of novelty and surprise. Silksong may be a sensation, but it’s a sequel, deeply familiar to anyone who played the first Hollow Knight.
These may be the reasons why, despite its very strong critical reception, Silksong has done almost nothing to dent Clair Obscur’s commanding lead in the GOTY race on the betting market Kalshi. It looks like we’ll be waiting at least one more year for the first indie GOTY winner. But then again, there’s always Hades 2…


--- SOURCE: https://www.thegamer.com/hollow-knight-silksong-reivew-scores-tied-clair-obscur-expedition-33/ ---
Sign in to your TheGamer account We've had Hollow Knight: Silksong for almost two weeks, and having been given enough time to get to grips with it, the reviews for the metroidvania sequel are still filtering in. There are enough of them out there now to gauge just where Silksong will fall in the race to be 2025's Game of the Year and, surprising no one, it's right there at the tippy top. With 45 Silksong reviews in at OpenCritic, including one from our very own Josh Robertson, who awarded the game a 4/5, Team Cherry's highly anticipated sequel has a score of 92. Not only is that a full two points higher than its critically acclaimed predecessor, but it's tied with Clair Obscur: Expedition 33's lofty score, a game that many believe already has this year's Game of the Year award locked in with three months still to go. Related Silksong's Surprisingly Brutal Difficulty Has Resulted In More Negative Steam Reviews Than You Might Expect "I like the difficulty but not the unnecessary punishment." Posts 4 By George Foster Sep 7, 2025 Silksong Is One Of The Best Games Of The Year Despite Its Punishing Difficulty "Its boss fights are exhilarating and challenging, its world is a gorgeous marvel to explore, its unpredictable art design is impeccable, and everything else about it looks and sounds stunning," our review reads. The only minor negative that drops its score from a perfect five to a still very impressive four is that its punishing difficulty can sometimes feel "obnoxious". Silksong's difficulty, and whether that's a fair critique of a video game and worthy of knocking points off of its review score, has been a hot-button topic during the game's first ten days. VGC gave Silksong a 3/5, notes that its difficulty veers more into tiring than challenging at times, and that those spikes negatively affect the pacing of the game. There are a lot of perfect scores for Silksong, of course, hence it settling on a 92. Screen Rant gave Silksong a 10/10, pointing to its masterful boss fights as one of the reasons why it received such a high score, and framing its controversial difficulty as a "high skill ceiling". Eurogamer also wasn't deterred by Silksong's difficulty, awarding it a 5/5 and noting that yes, the game is mean-spirited, by charmingly so. The lead for best-reviewed game of the year has changed hands several times. Monster Hunter Wilds, Split Fiction, and Blue Prince have all led the way. It's a little messier at the top of the pile right now, as even though Clair Obscur and Silksong are tied on 92, two games launched this year have higher scores. Shujinkou has a 94, but that's based on just seven reviews, and Tears of the Kingdom's Switch 2 edition also has a 94, but that's not really a game that was released in 2025. Hollow Knight: Silksong Follow Followed Metroidvania Action Adventure Soulslike Systems OpenCritic Reviews Top Critic Avg: 91/100 Critics Rec: 97% Released September 4, 2025 ESRB Everyone 10+ / Fantasy Violence, Mild Blood Developer(s) Team Cherry Publisher(s) Team Cherry 10 Images Where to play Close WHERE TO PLAY SUBSCRIPTION DIGITAL Engine Unity Genre(s) Metroidvania, Action, Adventure, Soulslike Powered by Expand Collapse
We've had Hollow Knight: Silksong for almost two weeks, and having been given enough time to get to grips with it, the reviews for the metroidvania sequel are still filtering in. There are enough of them out there now to gauge just where Silksong will fall in the race to be 2025's Game of the Year and, surprising no one, it's right there at the tippy top.
With 45 Silksong reviews in at OpenCritic, including one from our very own Josh Robertson, who awarded the game a 4/5, Team Cherry's highly anticipated sequel has a score of 92. Not only is that a full two points higher than its critically acclaimed predecessor, but it's tied with Clair Obscur: Expedition 33's lofty score, a game that many believe already has this year's Game of the Year award locked in with three months still to go.
Silksong's Surprisingly Brutal Difficulty Has Resulted In More Negative Steam Reviews Than You Might Expect
"I like the difficulty but not the unnecessary punishment."
Silksong Is One Of The Best Games Of The Year Despite Its Punishing Difficulty
"Its boss fights are exhilarating and challenging, its world is a gorgeous marvel to explore, its unpredictable art design is impeccable, and everything else about it looks and sounds stunning," our review reads. The only minor negative that drops its score from a perfect five to a still very impressive four is that its punishing difficulty can sometimes feel "obnoxious".
Silksong's difficulty, and whether that's a fair critique of a video game and worthy of knocking points off of its review score, has been a hot-button topic during the game's first ten days. VGC gave Silksong a 3/5, notes that its difficulty veers more into tiring than challenging at times, and that those spikes negatively affect the pacing of the game.
There are a lot of perfect scores for Silksong, of course, hence it settling on a 92. Screen Rant gave Silksong a 10/10, pointing to its masterful boss fights as one of the reasons why it received such a high score, and framing its controversial difficulty as a "high skill ceiling". Eurogamer also wasn't deterred by Silksong's difficulty, awarding it a 5/5 and noting that yes, the game is mean-spirited, by charmingly so.
The lead for best-reviewed game of the year has changed hands several times. Monster Hunter Wilds, Split Fiction, and Blue Prince have all led the way. It's a little messier at the top of the pile right now, as even though Clair Obscur and Silksong are tied on 92, two games launched this year have higher scores. Shujinkou has a 94, but that's based on just seven reviews, and Tears of the Kingdom's Switch 2 edition also has a 94, but that's not really a game that was released in 2025.


--- SOURCE: https://steamcommunity.com/app/1030300/discussions/0/595159519773940804/ ---



--- SOURCE: https://gamerant.com/clair-obscur-vs-or-silksong-2025-best-indie-success-story/ ---
Sign in to your Game Rant account Gaming in 2025 started out a bit slow, but it eventually provided fans of every genre out there with something to play each month. Hack and slash fans got Dynasty Warriors: Origins in January, Monster Hunter Wilds was there for action RPG fans who like co-op, and March had Assassin's Creed Shadows, which fulfilled a longtime wish for series fans. April was a turning point for the year, because Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 broke all boundaries in terms of success, expectations, and critical ratings. Related Best Characters In Silksong Whether they’re in the game for a long time or leave after a quick introduction, these NPCs stand out in Hollow Knight: Silksong. Posts By Tristan Jurkovich Sep 9, 2025 It didn’t seem like a game could challenge it for Game of the Year potential until September, when, after years of waiting, Hollow Knight: Silksong was finally released. Both games are incredibly different, but they share one thing in common: they became global phenomena. So, which game has found better success in 2025 so far? Clair Obscur: The Debut Title Better Than Anyone Expected Team Cherry made their debut with Hollow Knight in 2017. While it did take a bit more time to get its momentum going, word of mouth spread, and it helped Team Cherry and their game rise to prominence, which then led to Hollow Knight: Silksong being put on a godlike pedestal. Based on Hollow Knight, fans had high expectations for the sequel, but Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was a different story. It was Sandfall Interactive’s first major release. For a debut game to review and sell as well as it did is a surprising miracle for the indie RPG community at large. Silksong: The Launch Was A Big Deal Everyone Was Playing It Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 launched on PC, PS5, and Xbox Series X, covering a significant number of major platforms. Plus, it was on Game Pass. Between all of this exposure, it was able to get around more than a console or PC-exclusive game might have done. Hollow Knight: Silksong’s launch was one of the most memorable in years as it crashed every digital platform under the sun, including Steam, when it was released. It was eventually playable on PC, PS4, PS5, Switch, Switch 2, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X on day one, which is a bigger audience size than Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, and as such, became a phenomenon more quickly because everyone started playing it all at once. Clair Obscur: Rejuvenating The Desire For Classic JRPGs The World’s First FRPG Could Give Japan Some Pointers Hollow Knight is one of the major indie Metroidvanias that helped rejuvenate interest in the genre, when bigger companies like Nintendo and Konami weren’t paying attention to their Metroidvania franchises. Hollow Knight: Silksong did not increase the desire for Metroidvanias in the same way, as the genre's popularity was already at its peak. However, the gameplay and design of Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 were so refined that it helped break through the turn-based stigma that many modern JRPGs have suffered from. Related Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 - 7 Hardest Bosses, Ranked From hand cramps to ridiculous self-healing abilities, the hardest bosses in Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 expect mastery from players, and nothing less Posts By Tristan Jurkovich May 6, 2025 The counter system and world map design were two solid design decisions that helped Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 feel different from most modern JRPGs, maybe in part because it was developed in France. Thanks to its success, fans are clamoring to see giant franchises like Final Fantasy return to turn-based gameplay, all because this French game showed that there is still life left in the turn-based JRPG genre. Silksong: The Raw Sales Asking To Pay More Is Wild Both of these games sold a lot of copies based on recent October 2025 data. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has sold about 5 million copies across all platforms, with the details about each console’s specific data being kept a secret. Hollow Knight: Silksong has sold about 6 million copies, which is even more impressive, given that it has only been out for six weeks at the time of writing. Technically, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 made more money because the standard price of the game was $50, meaning that, at most, it earned $250 million. Hollow Knight: Silksong retailed at $20 a pop, meaning Team Cherry could have made about $120 million, which appears less successful on the surface. Let’s not forget, though, that it only took a month to sell this many copies of Hollow Knight: Silksong, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has had a lot longer and has sold fewer copies overall. Clair Obscur: More Time To Shine In 2025’s Sun An Unfair Advantage In January, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was given a movie deal, which is wild considering the game wasn’t even out when that deal was signed. It seemed like a bad move then, but months later, after a successful launch and rave reviews, it seems like Story Kitchen, the movie studio, actually made an excellent move. They made a bet and it paid off, but all is not settled yet because the movie still has to be made. Game-to-movie adaptations can often go poorly, but there is hope. Hollow Knight: Silksong will probably not get a movie deal, but it does have plenty of merchandise already, thanks to places like Fangamer, which is something. Silksong: Comparing The Scores How Is This Mathematically Possible? Both of these games received almost the same review scores across the two biggest aggregate review sites: Metacritic and Open Critic. Both games settled at a whopping 97% on Open Critic, which is obviously very good. Across every platform reviewed, Hollow Knight: Silksong’s average on Metacritic is 91.6, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also 91.6, without rounding numbers up or down. Related 8 Strongest Characters In Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, Ranked From NPCs to party members, these Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 characters can demolish small cities if they want. Posts 3 By Tristan Jurkovich May 10, 2025 It almost seems like the games were destined to hash it out, but there is one other thing to consider. The highest Metacritic score for Hollow Knight: Silksong was the original Switch version at 94, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 got a high of 93 for the PS5 version. It may be small, but this gives Hollow Knight: Silksong a slight victory on review scores. Clair Obscur: No Negative Discourse For The Most Part Besides the game's launch breaking digital platforms, the other conversation surrounding Hollow Knight: Silksong’s release was the difficulty level. Many fans thought it was a lot harder than Hollow Knight because of the downward strike attack and high damage counters. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also a hard game, but there are difficulty settings to help with that. Plus, as an RPG, players can level up their party to get out of any situation eventually. This flexibility led to no major negativity around Clair Obscur: Expedition 33’s difficulty, nor any real negative discussion about any element of the game. On the other hand, Hollow Knight: Silksong, as financially successful as it is, is still tethered to its difficulty-level controversy. The Verdict Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Was Unexpected It’s hard to imagine a Game of the Year list in 2025 without both of these games on it. Who will win the coveted award from numerous publications is anyone’s guess, but both games have helped the industry immensely in 2025. In the end, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is the slightly more successful game, as it sold well, reviewed well, got a movie deal, rejuvenated its genre, and came out of nowhere to find a massive audience and unprecedented success. Hollow Knight: Silksong, as successful as it is, just hasn’t been fully embraced by everyone yet. While it is undoubtedly a fantastic game, given the pedigree of Hollow Knight, that wasn't totally unexpected. More Hollow Knight Silksong: Things We Want To See In DLC It’s already been a week, but Hollow Knight: Silksong is already thinking about DLC. Posts By Tristan Jurkovich Sep 12, 2025
Gaming in 2025 started out a bit slow, but it eventually provided fans of every genre out there with something to play each month. Hack and slash fans got Dynasty Warriors: Origins in January, Monster Hunter Wilds was there for action RPG fans who like co-op, and March had Assassin's Creed Shadows, which fulfilled a longtime wish for series fans. April was a turning point for the year, because Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 broke all boundaries in terms of success, expectations, and critical ratings.
Whether they’re in the game for a long time or leave after a quick introduction, these NPCs stand out in Hollow Knight: Silksong.
It didn’t seem like a game could challenge it for Game of the Year potential until September, when, after years of waiting, Hollow Knight: Silksong was finally released. Both games are incredibly different, but they share one thing in common: they became global phenomena. So, which game has found better success in 2025 so far?
Team Cherry made their debut with Hollow Knight in 2017. While it did take a bit more time to get its momentum going, word of mouth spread, and it helped Team Cherry and their game rise to prominence, which then led to Hollow Knight: Silksong being put on a godlike pedestal.
Based on Hollow Knight, fans had high expectations for the sequel, but Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was a different story. It was Sandfall Interactive’s first major release. For a debut game to review and sell as well as it did is a surprising miracle for the indie RPG community at large.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 launched on PC, PS5, and Xbox Series X, covering a significant number of major platforms. Plus, it was on Game Pass. Between all of this exposure, it was able to get around more than a console or PC-exclusive game might have done.
Hollow Knight: Silksong’s launch was one of the most memorable in years as it crashed every digital platform under the sun, including Steam, when it was released. It was eventually playable on PC, PS4, PS5, Switch, Switch 2, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X on day one, which is a bigger audience size than Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, and as such, became a phenomenon more quickly because everyone started playing it all at once.
Clair Obscur: Rejuvenating The Desire For Classic JRPGs
The World’s First FRPG Could Give Japan Some Pointers
Hollow Knight is one of the major indie Metroidvanias that helped rejuvenate interest in the genre, when bigger companies like Nintendo and Konami weren’t paying attention to their Metroidvania franchises. Hollow Knight: Silksong did not increase the desire for Metroidvanias in the same way, as the genre's popularity was already at its peak. However, the gameplay and design of Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 were so refined that it helped break through the turn-based stigma that many modern JRPGs have suffered from.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 - 7 Hardest Bosses, Ranked
From hand cramps to ridiculous self-healing abilities, the hardest bosses in Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 expect mastery from players, and nothing less
The counter system and world map design were two solid design decisions that helped Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 feel different from most modern JRPGs, maybe in part because it was developed in France. Thanks to its success, fans are clamoring to see giant franchises like Final Fantasy return to turn-based gameplay, all because this French game showed that there is still life left in the turn-based JRPG genre.
Both of these games sold a lot of copies based on recent October 2025 data. Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has sold about 5 million copies across all platforms, with the details about each console’s specific data being kept a secret. Hollow Knight: Silksong has sold about 6 million copies, which is even more impressive, given that it has only been out for six weeks at the time of writing.
Technically, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 made more money because the standard price of the game was $50, meaning that, at most, it earned $250 million. Hollow Knight: Silksong retailed at $20 a pop, meaning Team Cherry could have made about $120 million, which appears less successful on the surface. Let’s not forget, though, that it only took a month to sell this many copies of Hollow Knight: Silksong, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has had a lot longer and has sold fewer copies overall.
Clair Obscur: More Time To Shine In 2025’s Sun
In January, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 was given a movie deal, which is wild considering the game wasn’t even out when that deal was signed. It seemed like a bad move then, but months later, after a successful launch and rave reviews, it seems like Story Kitchen, the movie studio, actually made an excellent move.
They made a bet and it paid off, but all is not settled yet because the movie still has to be made. Game-to-movie adaptations can often go poorly, but there is hope. Hollow Knight: Silksong will probably not get a movie deal, but it does have plenty of merchandise already, thanks to places like Fangamer, which is something.
Both of these games received almost the same review scores across the two biggest aggregate review sites: Metacritic and Open Critic. Both games settled at a whopping 97% on Open Critic, which is obviously very good. Across every platform reviewed, Hollow Knight: Silksong’s average on Metacritic is 91.6, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also 91.6, without rounding numbers up or down.
8 Strongest Characters In Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, Ranked
From NPCs to party members, these Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 characters can demolish small cities if they want.
It almost seems like the games were destined to hash it out, but there is one other thing to consider. The highest Metacritic score for Hollow Knight: Silksong was the original Switch version at 94, while Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 got a high of 93 for the PS5 version. It may be small, but this gives Hollow Knight: Silksong a slight victory on review scores.
Besides the game's launch breaking digital platforms, the other conversation surrounding Hollow Knight: Silksong’s release was the difficulty level. Many fans thought it was a lot harder than Hollow Knight because of the downward strike attack and high damage counters.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is also a hard game, but there are difficulty settings to help with that. Plus, as an RPG, players can level up their party to get out of any situation eventually. This flexibility led to no major negativity around Clair Obscur: Expedition 33’s difficulty, nor any real negative discussion about any element of the game. On the other hand, Hollow Knight: Silksong, as financially successful as it is, is still tethered to its difficulty-level controversy.
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Was Unexpected
It’s hard to imagine a Game of the Year list in 2025 without both of these games on it. Who will win the coveted award from numerous publications is anyone’s guess, but both games have helped the industry immensely in 2025.
In the end, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is the slightly more successful game, as it sold well, reviewed well, got a movie deal, rejuvenated its genre, and came out of nowhere to find a massive audience and unprecedented success. Hollow Knight: Silksong, as successful as it is, just hasn’t been fully embraced by everyone yet. While it is undoubtedly a fantastic game, given the pedigree of Hollow Knight, that wasn't totally unexpected.
Hollow Knight Silksong: Things We Want To See In DLC
It’s already been a week, but Hollow Knight: Silksong is already thinking about DLC.

