
--- SOURCE: https://www.census.gov/about/what/census-at-a-glance.html ---
The Census Bureau is the federal government’s largest statistical agency. We are dedicated to providing current facts and figures about America’s people and economy. Federal law protects the confidentiality of all the information the Census Bureau collects.
Our Statistical Programs Censuses Surveys Population Estimates and Projections
The Census Bureau's mission is to serve as the nation’s leading provider of quality data about its people and economy.
We honor privacy, protect confidentiality, share our expertise globally, and conduct our work openly.
We are guided on this mission by scientific objectivity, our strong and capable workforce, our devotion to research-based innovation, and our abiding commitment to our customers.
Thomas Jefferson directed the first census in 1790. As required by the U.S. Constitution, a census has been taken every 10 years thereafter. In 1840, the Census Act authorized the establishment of a centralized Census Office. In 1902, the Census Office became a permanent organization within the Department of the Interior. A year later, it was renamed the Bureau of the Census and moved to the new Department of Commerce and Labor.
The Decennial Census is the once-a-decade population and housing count required by the U.S. Constitution. The Census Bureau counts all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Island Areas. The results of the decennial census determine the number of seats for each state in the U.S. House of Representatives and are used to draw congressional and state legislative districts and to distribute hundreds of billions of dollars in federal funds each year.
The Economic Census measures the nation’s economy every 5 years, providing vital statistics for virtually every industry and geographic area in the country.
The Census of Governments provides comprehensive data about the nearly 90,000 state and local governments in the nation every 5 years.
The American Community Survey (ACS) is an ongoing annual survey that shows what the U.S. population looks like and how it lives. The ACS helps communities decide where to target services and resources.
Demographic surveys measure income, poverty, education, health insurance coverage, housing quality, crime victimization, computer usage, and many other subjects.
Economic surveys are conducted monthly, quarterly, and annually. They cover selected sectors of the nation’s economy and supplement the Economic Census with more frequent information about the dynamic economy. These surveys yield more than 400 annual economic reports, including principal economic indicators.
Sponsored surveys are demographic and economic surveys that we conduct for other government agencies. They include the Current Population Survey, the National Health Interview Survey, and the National Survey of College Graduates.
The Small Business Pulse Survey provides detailed information on the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on small businesses as well as their participation in federal programs such as the Paycheck Protection Program.
The Household Pulse Survey asks questions about how the COVID- 19 pandemic affected education, employment, food security, health, housing, Social Security benefits, household spending, consumer spending associated with stimulus payments, intention to receive the COVID-19 vaccine, and transportation.
Every year, the Census Bureau publishes population estimates and demographic components of change, such as births, deaths, and migration. This data can be sorted by characteristics such as age, sex, and race, as well as by national, state, and county location.
The Census Bureau estimates population size and characteristics. Population projections are based on future demographic trends, including births, life expectancy, and migration patterns.
QuickFacts provides easy access to facts about people, business, and geography.
My Congressional District has key stats by Congressional district.
In addition, explore the population clock, economic indicators, topical data visualizations, and infographics.
Go to the census.gov Developers page for access to datasets via application programming interfaces (API). Developers should check out the Discovery Tool, sign up for e-mail newsletters and information exchanges, and make requests for features and data via the Developer Forum.
The Census Bureau engages in a range of scientific and statistical activities. We actively research survey and questionnaire design as well as different modes of data collection, processing, and dissemination.
The Census Bureau maintains a nationwide geographic database that includes boundary information for legal, statistical, and administrative areas. We also track physical features such as streets and rivers for geographic area delineation.
The Census Bureau maintains a national address file to support censuses and surveys.
The Census Bureau produces international demographic data, estimates, projections, and reports. The Census Bureau also provides technical advisory services for foreign governments.
There are many reasons you may want to contact the Census Bureau. Please see our list of contacts to help decide which is best for you.
Customer Contact Center: 800-923-8282 or 301-763-INFO (4636).
TDD: TTY users can dial 800-877-8339 to use the Federal Relay Service.
News Media: 877-861-2010 or 301-763-3030 or pio@census.gov. Subscribe now to receive Census Bureau releases and information on census.gov.
Request a free data workshop, training, or presentation:
E-mail: census.askdata@census.gov. Phone: 844-ASK-DATA (844-275-3282).
U.S. Census Bureau 4600 Silver Hill Road Washington, DC 20233
Via private carriers (FedEx, DHL, UPS, couriers and suppliers):
U.S. Census Bureau 4600 Silver Hill Road Suitland, MD 20746
Social Media: Connect with the U.S. Census Bureau using social media.


--- SOURCE: https://www.britannica.com/science/census ---
census IntroductionHistoryModern census procedure References & Edit History Quick Facts & Related Topics Images For Students census summary Related Questions How does Pres. Donald Trump want to change the census? U.S. Census Bureau enumerator A U.S. Census Bureau enumerator conducting a personal interview. census Also known as: population census Written and fact-checked by Britannica Editors Encyclopaedia Britannica's editors oversee subject areas in which they have extensive knowledge, whether from years of experience gained by working on that content or via study for an advanced degree.... Britannica Editors Last updated Nov. 26, 2025 •History Top Questions What is a census? How often is a census conducted in most countries? What types of information are typically collected in a census? Who is responsible for organizing and conducting a census? How does a census affect government planning and resource allocation? What challenges or difficulties can arise when conducting a census? How has technology changed the way censuses are conducted today? News • Judges allow North Carolina to use a map drawn in bid to give Republicans another US House seat • Nov. 26, 2025, 7:27 PM ET (AP) census, an enumeration of people, houses, firms, or other important items in a country or region at a particular time. Used alone, the term usually refers to a population census—the type to be described in this article. However, many countries take censuses of housing, manufacturing, and agriculture.Censuses, being expensive, are taken only at infrequent intervals: every 10 years in many countries, every 5 years or at irregular intervals in other countries. In noncensus years the population is estimated with the aid of vital statistics if these are sufficiently reliable. For instance, the population in postcensual year X equals the population at the last census plus the births, minus the deaths, plus or minus the net migration during the intervening years. History Strictly speaking, the modern population census began to evolve only in the 17th century. Before that time, inventories of people, taxpayers, or valuables were certainly made, but the methods and purposes of such inventories were different from modern ones. The most important difference was that early inventories were made to control particular individuals—e.g., to identify who should be taxed, inducted into military service, or forced to work. Because it was usually not to an individual’s interest to be counted or to give correct information for these purposes, the premodern enumerations tended to be inaccurate. A second difference was that early inventories did not seek to count all the people or even a representative sample of them but only those in particular categories, such as family heads or males of military age. Such surveys are known to have been made in ancient Babylonia, Palestine, Persia, China, and Egypt. Every five years, the Romans enumerated citizens and their property to determine their liabilities. This practice was extended to include the entire Roman Empire in 5 bce. After the collapse of Rome the practice was discontinued in the West until the modern period. The main exception was Domesday Book, the inquest of England in 1086 that was made to acquaint William the Conqueror with the landholders and holdings of his new domain. Under the threat of siege, the German city of Nürnberg made an almost complete count of its people in 1449. The modern idea of a population census as a complete enumeration of all the people and their important characteristics for purposes of understanding the basic structure and trends of the society rather than for identifying and controlling particular individuals slowly arose in the 17th and 18th centuries. There is no such thing as “the first census” because, although early efforts embodied one or another modern feature, none of them embodied all modern features. Perhaps the first effort in an area larger than a city to count everyone at successive intervals was made in New France (Quebec) and Acadia (Nova Scotia), where 16 enumerations were made between 1665 and 1754. In 1749 the Swedish clergy, who had long kept lists of parishioners, was required to render returns from which the total population of Sweden (including Finland) was obtained, and a similar development began in Denmark in 1787. Certain Italian states conducted approximately accurate enumerations: Sardinia in 1773 and 1795, Parma in 1770, and Tuscany in 1766. Enumerations occurred in several German states from 1742 onward. Although several British North American colonies—such as Virginia in 1624–25 and subsequently—had made full enumerations, the United States made history when it took its first census in 1790, not only because of the size of the area enumerated and the effort to obtain data on characteristics of the population but also because of the political purpose for which it was undertaken—namely, representation in Congress on the basis of population. England took its first census in 1801, and, although France tried to do so in 1800 and 1806, the administrative machinery was poor and the results untrustworthy until 30 years later. Only gradually did the early census takers learn what was basic information and how to obtain it. The first United States census did not, for example, secure data on occupation, birthplace, marital status, or exact age. A five-year age classification of whites was provided by the 1800 census, but other items had to wait until later, and until 1850 the unit used was the family rather than the individual. In England no satisfactory attempt was made to secure age data until 1841, and no effort to secure marital status until 1851. The history of modern census taking thus involves three parallel developments: (1) the invention and gradual spread of the idea of countrywide enumerations for general scientific and governmental purposes, (2) the improvement of administrative machinery, techniques, and accuracy of enumeration, including legal safeguards assuring that individual answers would be kept in confidence, and (3) the deepening and systematization of the types of information obtained. All three developments tended to increase the effectiveness of censuses as sources of essential information. It is a mistake to think that in the history of each country there is a date, marked by the first census, before which the size and characteristics of the population were totally obscure and after which they are totally clear. Usually some fragmentary information was available even before the first census, and afterward some time was required before the census record became reasonably full and accurate. As the countries pioneering in census taking gradually worked out better systems of enumeration, however, these could be transferred to new countries without repeating all the trials and errors. Canada’s first dominion-wide census was taken in 1871, India’s in 1871–72, and Egypt’s in 1897. Key People: Conrad Taeuber Irene Barnes Taeuber Sam Saen Thai Francis A. Walker Related Topics: population demography de facto census de jure census census moment See all related content Access for the whole family! Bundle Britannica Premium and Kids for the ultimate resource destination. Subscribe In addition to the national censuses, others were taken in colonial territories, parts of countries, cities, and so on. It is estimated that in the decade after World War II at least 150 countries or areas took censuses collecting individual data on more than two billion persons. The large number of countries having censuses in the second half of the 20th century was partly due to efforts of the United Nations. Not only does the United Nations encourage countries to take censuses, but it sponsors regional statistical committees that suggest minimum standards and offer technical assistance in the planning and conduct of enumerations. When China reported a census in 1953, the last large part of the world was removed from demographic darkness. The population of the entire world is now known with a degree of accuracy never before approximated, and the structure of populations (including their socioeconomic characteristics) and their patterns of change are understood as never before. Britannica AIchevron_rightCensus 📚Homework HelpAI-generated answers from Britannica articles. AI makes mistakes, so verify using Britannica articles. Modern census procedure Modern censuses refer to a precisely delimited territory and subareas and, for this reason, are normally planned and conducted with the aid of detailed maps. They aim to enumerate every person within the designated territory. A “de jure” census tallies people according to their regular or legal residence, whereas a “de facto” census allocates them to the place where enumerated—normally where they spend the night of the day enumerated. By either method, the reported territorial distribution is according to where people sleep (nighttime population) rather than where they work (daytime population). For this reason the population of central cities is usually far less than the number employed there and that of suburbs far more than those employed in suburbs. In addition to being precise as to territory, the census must be precise as to time; accordingly, a specific moment is almost always selected. This “census moment,” often fixed at midnight, becomes the chronological line separating the included from the excluded. All persons born after the census moment or dying before it are excluded; all others are included. The census moment is also the reference point for certain kinds of questions, such as age, marital status, and citizenship. Although some questions, such as occupation or labour-force participation, refer to a period of time rather than an infinitesimal moment, clarity requires that the exact limits of the period be specified. The need for time precision is necessary because the actual enumeration may take days or weeks. Because during this period many people will have moved about, died, or been born, the census is taken as of a certain day, hour, and moment. The requirement that all individuals be enumerated does not mean that all individuals must actually be interviewed. A wife may supply information about her husband; a parent may supply information about his or her children. Nor does it mean that every question must be answered about every individual. If all individuals are enumerated—that is, counted and categorized on a few basic questions—there then exists a basis for sampling with respect to other questions. Because census information is obtained by using a fixed questionnaire for interviewing, there are two broad types of resulting data: direct data, the answers to specific questions on the schedule; and derived data, the facts discovered by classifying and interrelating the answers to various questions. Direct information, in turn, is of two sorts: items such as name, address, and the like, used primarily to guide the enumeration process itself; and items such as birthplace, marital status, and occupation, used directly for the compilation of census tables. From the second class of direct data, derived information is obtained, such as total population, rural-urban distribution, and family composition. The following is one list of desirable topics suggested by the United Nations. direct topics: Geographic (1) place enumerated and/or place of usual residence; Familial (2) relation to head of household or family; Demographic (3) sex, (4) age, (5) marital status, (6) children ever born, (7) birthplace; Economic (8) type of activity, (9) occupation, (10) industry, (11) employer-employee status; Social and political (12) citizenship, (13) language, (14) ethnic or religious affiliation; Educational (15) literacy or level of education, (16) school attendance. derived topics: (17) total population; (18) population of towns and local areas; (19) urban-rural distribution; (20) household or family composition. Possible additional topics include prior place of residence (for understanding internal migration), farm-tenure status, income, labour-force participation, duration of marriage, and number of prior marriages. The machinery used to analyze the results has a profound influence on the whole census. In the 19th century, when tabulations were made manually, no complex questions were asked because of the impossibility of analyzing them. This situation was entirely changed with the introduction of computerized tabulations and analyses. Modern computers have led to a second revolution that by permitting complex tabulations to be made quickly, has moved the bottlenecks to the data-transfer stages, when the written records are converted for computer use and when the tabulated results are to be turned into printed books. This article was most recently revised and updated by Michael Ray.
How does Pres. Donald Trump want to change the census?
How often is a census conducted in most countries?
What types of information are typically collected in a census?
Who is responsible for organizing and conducting a census?
How does a census affect government planning and resource allocation?
What challenges or difficulties can arise when conducting a census?
How has technology changed the way censuses are conducted today?
census, an enumeration of people, houses, firms, or other important items in a country or region at a particular time. Used alone, the term usually refers to a population census—the type to be described in this article. However, many countries take censuses of housing, manufacturing, and agriculture.
Censuses, being expensive, are taken only at infrequent intervals: every 10 years in many countries, every 5 years or at irregular intervals in other countries. In noncensus years the population is estimated with the aid of vital statistics if these are sufficiently reliable. For instance, the population in postcensual year X equals the population at the last census plus the births, minus the deaths, plus or minus the net migration during the intervening years.
Strictly speaking, the modern population census began to evolve only in the 17th century. Before that time, inventories of people, taxpayers, or valuables were certainly made, but the methods and purposes of such inventories were different from modern ones. The most important difference was that early inventories were made to control particular individuals—e.g., to identify who should be taxed, inducted into military service, or forced to work. Because it was usually not to an individual’s interest to be counted or to give correct information for these purposes, the premodern enumerations tended to be inaccurate. A second difference was that early inventories did not seek to count all the people or even a representative sample of them but only those in particular categories, such as family heads or males of military age. Such surveys are known to have been made in ancient Babylonia, Palestine, Persia, China, and Egypt. Every five years, the Romans enumerated citizens and their property to determine their liabilities. This practice was extended to include the entire Roman Empire in 5 bce. After the collapse of Rome the practice was discontinued in the West until the modern period. The main exception was Domesday Book, the inquest of England in 1086 that was made to acquaint William the Conqueror with the landholders and holdings of his new domain. Under the threat of siege, the German city of Nürnberg made an almost complete count of its people in 1449.
The modern idea of a population census as a complete enumeration of all the people and their important characteristics for purposes of understanding the basic structure and trends of the society rather than for identifying and controlling particular individuals slowly arose in the 17th and 18th centuries. There is no such thing as “the first census” because, although early efforts embodied one or another modern feature, none of them embodied all modern features. Perhaps the first effort in an area larger than a city to count everyone at successive intervals was made in New France (Quebec) and Acadia (Nova Scotia), where 16 enumerations were made between 1665 and 1754. In 1749 the Swedish clergy, who had long kept lists of parishioners, was required to render returns from which the total population of Sweden (including Finland) was obtained, and a similar development began in Denmark in 1787. Certain Italian states conducted approximately accurate enumerations: Sardinia in 1773 and 1795, Parma in 1770, and Tuscany in 1766. Enumerations occurred in several German states from 1742 onward. Although several British North American colonies—such as Virginia in 1624–25 and subsequently—had made full enumerations, the United States made history when it took its first census in 1790, not only because of the size of the area enumerated and the effort to obtain data on characteristics of the population but also because of the political purpose for which it was undertaken—namely, representation in Congress on the basis of population. England took its first census in 1801, and, although France tried to do so in 1800 and 1806, the administrative machinery was poor and the results untrustworthy until 30 years later.
Only gradually did the early census takers learn what was basic information and how to obtain it. The first United States census did not, for example, secure data on occupation, birthplace, marital status, or exact age. A five-year age classification of whites was provided by the 1800 census, but other items had to wait until later, and until 1850 the unit used was the family rather than the individual. In England no satisfactory attempt was made to secure age data until 1841, and no effort to secure marital status until 1851.
The history of modern census taking thus involves three parallel developments: (1) the invention and gradual spread of the idea of countrywide enumerations for general scientific and governmental purposes, (2) the improvement of administrative machinery, techniques, and accuracy of enumeration, including legal safeguards assuring that individual answers would be kept in confidence, and (3) the deepening and systematization of the types of information obtained. All three developments tended to increase the effectiveness of censuses as sources of essential information.
It is a mistake to think that in the history of each country there is a date, marked by the first census, before which the size and characteristics of the population were totally obscure and after which they are totally clear. Usually some fragmentary information was available even before the first census, and afterward some time was required before the census record became reasonably full and accurate. As the countries pioneering in census taking gradually worked out better systems of enumeration, however, these could be transferred to new countries without repeating all the trials and errors. Canada’s first dominion-wide census was taken in 1871, India’s in 1871–72, and Egypt’s in 1897.
In addition to the national censuses, others were taken in colonial territories, parts of countries, cities, and so on. It is estimated that in the decade after World War II at least 150 countries or areas took censuses collecting individual data on more than two billion persons. The large number of countries having censuses in the second half of the 20th century was partly due to efforts of the United Nations. Not only does the United Nations encourage countries to take censuses, but it sponsors regional statistical committees that suggest minimum standards and offer technical assistance in the planning and conduct of enumerations. When China reported a census in 1953, the last large part of the world was removed from demographic darkness. The population of the entire world is now known with a degree of accuracy never before approximated, and the structure of populations (including their socioeconomic characteristics) and their patterns of change are understood as never before.
Modern censuses refer to a precisely delimited territory and subareas and, for this reason, are normally planned and conducted with the aid of detailed maps. They aim to enumerate every person within the designated territory. A “de jure” census tallies people according to their regular or legal residence, whereas a “de facto” census allocates them to the place where enumerated—normally where they spend the night of the day enumerated. By either method, the reported territorial distribution is according to where people sleep (nighttime population) rather than where they work (daytime population). For this reason the population of central cities is usually far less than the number employed there and that of suburbs far more than those employed in suburbs.
In addition to being precise as to territory, the census must be precise as to time; accordingly, a specific moment is almost always selected. This “census moment,” often fixed at midnight, becomes the chronological line separating the included from the excluded. All persons born after the census moment or dying before it are excluded; all others are included. The census moment is also the reference point for certain kinds of questions, such as age, marital status, and citizenship. Although some questions, such as occupation or labour-force participation, refer to a period of time rather than an infinitesimal moment, clarity requires that the exact limits of the period be specified. The need for time precision is necessary because the actual enumeration may take days or weeks. Because during this period many people will have moved about, died, or been born, the census is taken as of a certain day, hour, and moment.
The requirement that all individuals be enumerated does not mean that all individuals must actually be interviewed. A wife may supply information about her husband; a parent may supply information about his or her children. Nor does it mean that every question must be answered about every individual. If all individuals are enumerated—that is, counted and categorized on a few basic questions—there then exists a basis for sampling with respect to other questions.
Because census information is obtained by using a fixed questionnaire for interviewing, there are two broad types of resulting data: direct data, the answers to specific questions on the schedule; and derived data, the facts discovered by classifying and interrelating the answers to various questions. Direct information, in turn, is of two sorts: items such as name, address, and the like, used primarily to guide the enumeration process itself; and items such as birthplace, marital status, and occupation, used directly for the compilation of census tables. From the second class of direct data, derived information is obtained, such as total population, rural-urban distribution, and family composition. The following is one list of desirable topics suggested by the United Nations.
direct topics: Geographic (1) place enumerated and/or place of usual residence; Familial (2) relation to head of household or family; Demographic (3) sex, (4) age, (5) marital status, (6) children ever born, (7) birthplace; Economic (8) type of activity, (9) occupation, (10) industry, (11) employer-employee status; Social and political (12) citizenship, (13) language, (14) ethnic or religious affiliation; Educational (15) literacy or level of education, (16) school attendance. derived topics: (17) total population; (18) population of towns and local areas; (19) urban-rural distribution; (20) household or family composition. Possible additional topics include prior place of residence (for understanding internal migration), farm-tenure status, income, labour-force participation, duration of marriage, and number of prior marriages.
The machinery used to analyze the results has a profound influence on the whole census. In the 19th century, when tabulations were made manually, no complex questions were asked because of the impossibility of analyzing them. This situation was entirely changed with the introduction of computerized tabulations and analyses. Modern computers have led to a second revolution that by permitting complex tabulations to be made quickly, has moved the bottlenecks to the data-transfer stages, when the written records are converted for computer use and when the tabulated results are to be turned into printed books.
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.
Medicine LibreTexts - Preparations for a census
National Geographic - Education - What Is a Census?
MEASURE Evaluation - Use of Census and Related Population Information
United States Census Bureau - Population Census
census - Children's Encyclopedia (Ages 8-11)
census - Student Encyclopedia (Ages 11 and up)


--- SOURCE: https://www.archives.gov/research/census/about ---
You can start your census records search with only:
The name of your relative or ancestor, and
The first Federal Population Census was taken in 1790, and a census has been taken every ten years since. However, data from recent censuses are not available after 1950 because of a 72-year restriction on access to the Census. Most researchers find it helpful to begin with the 1950 Census and work backwards to locate people in earlier generations.
Digital images of census schedules are available from 1790 to 1950. Online access is available through our digitization partners (free at any National Archives facility) as well in the National Archives Catalog (selected census years). See our Census Resources page to search the digitized records on our and partners' websites. (Please note: Most of the 1890 Census was destroyed in a Department of Commerce fire in 1921, though partial records are available for some states.)
Census records can provide the building blocks of your research, allowing you both to confirm information and learn more.
From 1850 to 1950, details are provided for all individuals in each household. Details can include:
Marriage status and years of marriage (if relevant)
Crops grown (in agricultural schedules) or products made (in manufacturing schedules)
Not all of this information is available in every census. Before the 1850 Census, few of these details were recorded. From 1790 to 1840, only the head of household is listed by name; other household members are merely counted in selected age groups.
For specifics on what information was collected in each census year, see Availability of Census Records About Individuals
You can access census records in a variety of ways:
View digitized census records online - see details on the Census Resources page. View our complete list of Records Digitized by Our Digitization Partners
Visit the National Archives Building in Washington, DC, or one of our regional facilities located in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Denver, Fort Worth, Kansas City, New York City, Philadelphia, Riverside, San Francisco, and Seattle for free access to Ancestry.com and Fold3.com and to census microfilm (availability varies).
Contact State Archives, public libraries, historical societies, and other research facilities to see if they provide free access to Ancestry.com and Fold3.com.
Please note, that due to staffing limitations, the National Archives cannot conduct census research on your behalf.


--- SOURCE: https://www.cancer.org/cancer/types/breast-cancer-in-men/key-statistics.html ---
Our 24/7 cancer helpline provides information and answers for people dealing with cancer. We can connect you with trained cancer information specialists who will answer questions about a cancer diagnosis and provide guidance and a compassionate ear.
Live Chat available weekdays, 7:00 am - 6:30 pm CT
Our highly trained specialists are available 24/7 via phone and on weekdays can assist through online chat. We connect patients, caregivers, and family members with essential services and resources at every step of their cancer journey. Ask us how you can get involved and support the fight against cancer. Some of the topics we can assist with include:
Referrals to patient-related programs or resources
Donations, website, or event-related assistance
For medical questions, we encourage you to review our information with your doctor.
Early Detection, Diagnosis, and Staging Signs and Symptoms of Breast Cancer in Men Stages of Breast Cancer in Men Breast Cancer Survival Rates in Men
Signs and Symptoms of Breast Cancer in Men
Treating Breast Cancer in Men Surgery for Breast Cancer in Men Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in Men Chemotherapy for Breast Cancer in Men Hormone Therapy for Breast Cancer in Men Targeted Drug Therapy for Breast Cancer in Men Immunotherapy for Breast Cancer in Men
Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in Men
Targeted Drug Therapy for Breast Cancer in Men
Learn about key statistics for breast cancer in men, including how common it is, who is most affected, and the outlook for those with a diagnosis.
The American Cancer Society estimates for breast cancer in men in the United States for 2025 are:
About 2,800 men will be diagnosed with invasive breast cancer.
About 510 men will die from breast cancer.
Fewer than 1% of breast cancers in the US occur in men.
Male breast cancer can occur at any age. While the overall risk is low, it goes up as men get older. The average age at the time of diagnosis is between 60 and 70 years.
For men, the average lifetime risk of getting breast cancer is about 1 in 755. But each man's risk might be higher or lower than this, based on whether he has certain risk factors for breast cancer.
For statistics related to survival, see Breast Cancer Survival Rates in Men.
Visit the American Cancer Society’s Cancer Statistics Center for more key statistics.
Developed by the American Cancer Society medical and editorial content team with medical review and contribution by the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO).
American Cancer Society. Cancer Facts & Figures 2025. Atlanta: American Cancer Society; 2025.
Gradishar WJ, Ruddy KJ. Breast cancer in men. UpToDate. 2025. Accessed at https://www.uptodate.com/contents/breast-cancer-in-men on July 16, 2025.
National Cancer Institute. Male Breast Cancer Treatment (PDQ®)–Health Professional Version. 2024. Accessed at https://www.cancer.gov/types/breast/hp/male-breast-treatment-pdq on July 16, 2025.
American Cancer Society medical information is copyrighted material. For reprint requests, please see our Content Usage Policy.
Sign up to stay up-to-date with news, valuable information, and ways to get involved with the American Cancer Society.
Help us end cancer as we know it, for everyone.
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


--- SOURCE: https://www.komen.org/breast-cancer/facts-statistics/male-breast-cancer/ ---
Read our blog, Men Get Breast Cancer Too.
Boys and girls begin life with similar breast tissue. However, men don’t have the same complex breast growth and development as women.
At puberty, high testosterone levels and low estrogen levels stop breast development in men.
Men have some milk ducts, but they remain undeveloped. Lobules are most often absent.
However, breast problems, including breast cancer, can occur in men.
In the U.S., less than 1% of all breast cancer cases occur in men [67].
The risk of breast cancer is much lower in men than in women. The lifetime risk of getting breast cancer is about 1 in 1,000 for men in the U.S. compared to 1 in 8 for women in the U.S. [114].
From 2018 to 2022 (most recent data available), the breast cancer incidence rate in men increased slightly (by less than 1% per year) [65].
In 2025, it’s estimated that among men in the U.S., there will be [56]:
2,800 new cases of invasive breast cancer (includes new cases of primary breast cancer, but not recurrences of original breast cancers)
Rates of breast cancer incidence (new cases) and mortality (death) are much lower among men than among women [57-58].
Incidence rates in 2022 (most recent data available) and mortality rates in 2023 (most recent data available) were [57-58]:
Survival rates for men are about the same as for women with the same stage of breast cancer at the time of diagnosis [12].
However, men are often diagnosed at a later stage of breast cancer than women [12]. One reason could be that men may be less likely than women to report signs and symptoms [128]. This can lead to delays in diagnosis [128].
Male breast cancer incidence rates in the U.S. vary by race and ethnicity.
Non-Hispanic Black men have the highest breast cancer incidence rate overall [60]. Non-Hispanic Asian and Pacific Islander men have the lowest [60].
For example, in 2022 (most recent data available) [60]:
Non-Hispanic Asian and Pacific Islandermen
Non-Hispanic Black men have higher a breast cancer mortality rate than non-Hispanic white and Hispanic men [61].
For example, in 2023 (most recent data available) [61]:
From 2018 to 2022 (most recent data available), the overall median age of breast cancer diagnosis for men in the U.S. was 69 [62]. The median is the middle value of a group of numbers, so about half of men are diagnosed before age 69 and about half are diagnosed after age 69.
The median age of breast cancer diagnosis for men is older than for women (overall, the median age at diagnosis for women is 63) [62-63].
The median age of breast cancer diagnosis for men varies by race and ethnicity.
For example, from 2018 to 2022 (most recent data available), Black men tended to be diagnosed at a younger age than white men [62]. The median age at diagnosis for Black men was 65, compared to 70 for white men [62].
Median age of breast cancer diagnosis in men
Non-Hispanic American Indian and Alaska Native
The most common warning sign of breast cancer in men is a painless lump or thickening in the breast, chest or underarm area [12-13].
However, any change in the breast or nipple can be a warning sign of male breast cancer including [12-13]:
Lump, hard knot or thickening in the breast, chest or underarm area (usually painless, but may be tender)
Change in the size or shape of the breast
Dimpling, puckering or redness of the skin of the breast
Pulling in of the nipple (inverted nipple) or other parts of the breast
These may also be signs of a benign (not cancer) breast condition.
Because men tend to have much less breast tissue than women, warning signs in men may be easier to notice than warning signs in women.
Don’t delay seeing a health care provider
Some men may be embarrassed about a change in their breast or chest area. Others may not know it’s important to see a health care provider about a change. However, putting off seeing a provider may result in a delay in breast cancer diagnosis. Survival is highest when breast cancer is found early and treated.
If you notice any of the warning signs above or other changes in your breast, chest or underarm area, or nipple, see a health care provider right away.
If you don’t have a health care provider, one of the best ways to find a good one is to get a referral from a trusted family member or friend.
You can also call your local health department, or a nearby hospital or clinic. If you have insurance, your insurance company may have a list of health care providers in your area.
Learn more about finding a health care provider.
Most male breast cancers begin in the milk ducts of the breast (invasive ductal carcinomas). Men can also be diagnosed with ductal carcinoma in situ, a non-invasive breast cancer (stage 0 breast cancer).
Fewer than 2% of male breast cancers begin in the lobules of the breast (invasive lobular carcinoma) [129-130].
Men tend to be diagnosed with breast cancers that are hormone receptor-positive and HER2-negative [130-131].
In rare cases, men can be diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer or Paget disease of the breast (Paget disease of the nipple) [130].
Learn about treatment for breast cancer in men.
Find support groups for men with breast cancer.
Benign breast conditions (also known as benign breast diseases) are noncancerous disorders of the breast. The most common benign breast condition in men is gynecomastia.
Learn about benign breast conditions in women.
Gynecomastia is an enlargement of the breast. It’s the most common benign (not cancer) breast condition in men.
Gynecomastia results from a hormone imbalance in the body. Some diseases, hormone use, obesity and other hormone changes can cause this imbalance [132]. For example, boys can get a temporary form of gynecomastia during puberty.
Gynecomastia doesn’t need to be treated unless it causes pain, or you want to have the enlarged tissue reduced. In these cases, it can be treated with hormone therapy or surgery [133].
Sometimes, a medication or medical condition may be causing gynecomastia [133]. Your health care provider may recommend stopping the medication or treating the medical condition [133].
Some studies show gynecomastia may increase the risk of breast cancer in men [130,134-135].
BRCA1 and BRCA2 inherited gene mutations and male breast cancer risk
Men can inherit a BRCA1 or BRCA2 inherited gene mutation from either parent. And a man who has a BRCA1 or BRCA2 inherited gene mutation can pass the mutation on to both his sons and daughters.
BRCA2 inherited gene mutations and cancer risk
Men who have a BRCA2 inherited gene mutation, and to a lesser degree men who have a BRCA1 inherited gene mutation, have an increased risk of breast cancer [101-102,136-140].
By age 70, the chance of developing breast cancer is [102,141]:
About 20 to 70 in 1,000 men with a BRCA2 inherited gene mutation
About 2 to 12 in 1,000 men with a BRCA1 inherited gene mutation
About 1 in 1,000 men (up to any age) in the general population
Men who have a BRCA1 or BRCA2 inherited gene mutation also have an increased risk of [101-102,136-140,142-143]:
Other inherited gene mutations are under study for a possible link to breast cancer in men [144-147].
Learn more about BRCA1 and BRCA2 inherited gene mutations and cancer risk in men.
For a summary of research studies on BRCA1 and BRCA2 inherited gene mutations and cancer, visit the Breast Cancer Research Studies section.
BRCA2 inherited gene mutations and genetic testing
Genetic testing gives people the chance to learn if their breast cancer or family history of breast cancer is due to an inherited gene mutation.
While 5%-10% of breast cancers in women are are related to a known inherited gene mutation, up to 40% of breast cancers in men may be related to BRCA2 inherited gene mutations alone [67,148].
This means men who get breast cancer are more likely to have an inherited gene mutation than women who get breast cancer. For this reason, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) recommends all men diagnosed with breast cancer have genetic testing for BRCA1 and BRCA2 inherited gene mutations [102].
If you’re diagnosed with male breast cancer, your health care provider can recommend a genetic counselor so you can learn more about genetic testing.
Cancer screening for men with a BRCA1 or BRCA2 inherited gene mutation
There are special cancer screening recommendations for men with a BRCA1 or BRCA2 inherited gene mutation.
Other risk factors for breast cancer in men
Although there are some factors that increase the risk of male breast cancer, most men diagnosed have no known risk factors (except for older age).
Older age is the most common risk factor for breast cancer in men. From 2018 to 2022 (most recent data available), the overall median age of breast cancer diagnosis in men in the U.S. was 69 [62].
Learn more about the age of breast cancer diagnosis in men.
Whether or not a man has a BRCA1 or BRCA2 inherited gene mutation, having a family member with breast cancer increases the chances of developing breast cancer [130].
If you have a family history of breast or other type of cancer, your health care provider can help you understand how this impacts your risk of breast cancer and other cancers, including prostate cancer.
My Family Health History tool is a web-based tool that makes it easy for you to record and organize your family health history. It can help you gather information that’s useful as you talk with your family members, doctor or genetic counselor.
Klinefelter’s syndrome is a rare condition that occurs when men are born with two X chromosomes instead of one (XXY instead of XY). Men with Klinefelter’s syndrome have high levels of estrogen in their bodies [130].
Klinefelter’s syndrome increases the risk of breast cancer in men [12,130,134-135].
Men with Klinefelter’s syndrome may have gynecomastia (enlargement of the breast tissue). Some studies show gynecomastia may also increase the risk of breast cancer in men [130,134-135].
Men who are overweight or obese appear to have an increased risk of breast cancer [129-130,134-135].
Being overweight can increase estrogen levels in the body and these higher estrogen levels, in turn, may increase breast cancer risk.
Although data are limited, some factors that increase estrogen levels in the body are under study for a possible link to breast cancer in men. These include some hormone drugs used to treat prostate cancer [129].
Other factors under study for breast cancer in men include [130,134-135]:
Exposure to large amounts of radiation early in life, such as radiation therapy to the chest for the treatment of childhood cancer
Some conditions that affect the testicles, such as orchitis (swelling of one or both testicles) or undescended testes
Learn about risk factors for breast cancer in women.
For more information on breast cancer in men, visit the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) website or the American Society for Clinical Oncology (ASCO) website.
Do you need help? We’re here for you. The Komen Patient Care Center is your trusted, go-to source for timely, accurate breast health and breast cancer information, services and resources. Our navigators offer free, personalized support to patients, caregivers and family members, including education, emotional support, financial assistance, help accessing care and more. Get connected to a Komen navigator by contacting the Breast Care Helpline at 1-877-465-6636 or email helpline@komen.org to get started. All calls are answered Monday through Thursday, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET and Friday, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET. Se habla español.
The Komen Breast Cancer and Komen Metastatic (Stage IV) Breast Cancer Facebook groups are places where those with breast cancer and their family and friends can talk with others for friendship and support.
Our Support section has information about support groups for men with breast cancer and other types of social support.
Our Male Breast Cancer resource has information on risk, diagnosis, treatment and support.
Our Mission Moment: Breast Cancer in Men webinar has information from oncologists as well as men with breast cancer.
Our fact sheets, booklets and other education materials offer additional information.
This content is regularly reviewed by an expert panel including researchers, practicing clinicians and patient advocates.
How has having breast cancer changed your outlook?
Opt out of sale of personal data and targeted advertising
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Sale of Personal Data and Targeted Advertising
Third party trackers collect information to use for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. Under the Colorado CPA, the Virginia CDPA, the Texas DPSA, the Oregon CPA, the Montana CDPA, and the Florida DBR, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties, of targeted advertising related processing, and of some types of profiling. You may exercise your rights by using the toggles below. If you opt out, the ads and content that you see may not be as relevant to you. Under the Colorado CPA, you have the right to opt back in to these categories at any time should you initially choose to opt out, and you may do so using the same toggles provided below. For more details on the data we process and how to exercise your rights, and to view information related to required opt-in disclosures, see our Privacy Policy
Performance Cookies Switch Label labelThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies Switch Label labelThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


--- SOURCE: https://www.bcrf.org/about-breast-cancer/male-breast-cancer-statistics-research/ ---
Can men have breast cancer? Though it’s most common in women, men can develop the disease too
While breast cancer overwhelmingly affects women, men also have breast tissue and are at risk of developing breast cancer.
Stay empowered with the latest news, insights, and resources delivered to your inbox.
What’s more, because breast cancer is primarily seen as a “woman’s disease,” men may ignore symptoms—resulting in later-stage diagnoses and potentially worse outcomes. Although overall survival for male breast cancer patients has improved over time, the prognosis for men with the disease hasn’t advanced as much as it has for women.
Men need to not only know that they can and do get breast cancer—but also that they must be proactive about reporting any lumps, inflammation, or otherwise unusual changes to their doctors. Here, we highlight male breast cancer statistics, what we know about causes of the disease in this group, and why research is critical.
In 2025, about 2,800 men will be diagnosed with breast cancer and approximately 510 will die from the disease, according to the American Cancer Society. In comparison, about 316,950 women will be diagnosed in 2025 and 42,170 will die. Male breast cancer accounts for less than one percent of all breast cancer diagnoses.
About one in 726 men will develop breast cancer in their lifetime. While that statistic may not sound as daunting as the equivalent for women—one in eight will be diagnosed in their lifetime—the fact that male breast cancer is so rare makes it uniquely challenging.
Because of a lack of research and awareness among men and clinicians, some disparities in breast cancer outcomes in men compared to women have been noted in recent studies. One 2019 study from Vanderbilt University researchers based on mortality data from 1.8 million women and 16,025 men who had breast cancer found that male breast cancer patients have a 19 percent higher mortality rate than women. In a 2023 study published in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute, several BCRF investigators and others found that, unlike breast cancer in women, survival rates for male breast cancer have not significantly improved in the last 30 years.
While men who carry a mutation in the BRCA2 gene have an increased risk of developing breast cancer, most breast cancers in men are not caused by inherited factors. Nevertheless, knowing a man’s family history can be informative and help guide decisions regarding the need for genetic testing. Exposure to radiation treatment to the chest, as well as conditions that increase levels of estrogen—such as obesity—are also factors that influence the risk of breast cancer in men.
Most breast cancers in men are estrogen receptor (ER)–positive invasive ductal carcinoma. This is also the most common breast cancer in women. Most oncologists will rarely see and treat a man with breast cancer. Even when a man sees his primary care physician with unusual chest symptoms, neither the doctor nor the patient expects breast cancer—and so it often goes undiagnosed until it is more advanced.
How male breast cancer is diagnosed and treated
Signs and symptoms of male breast cancer can include:
a painless lump or thickening in your breast tissue
changes to the skin covering your breast, such as dimpling, puckering, redness or scaling
changes to your nipple, such as redness or scaling, or a nipple that begins to turn inward
Unfortunately, there has been little research in male breast cancer, especially in how best to treat it, in part because of the disease’s rarity and lack of surveillance. Men are often excluded from—or at least not actively recruited to—breast cancer clinical trials. As a result, treatment in men is much the same as treatment in women, with anti-hormone drugs such as tamoxifen and chemotherapy. While this trend is changing and more clinical trial protocols are including men, the sheer lack of men with breast cancer also makes the disease difficult to study.
What research has uncovered about male breast cancer so far
Pioneering work by Dr. Fatima Cardoso and the BCRF-supported International Male Breast Cancer Program suggests that men are frequently undertreated for breast cancer. Her 2018 study of 1,482 men with breast cancer reported that men were less likely to get breast-conserving surgery for early-stage breast cancers or receive endocrine therapy for ER-positive disease compared to women with similar breast cancers.
In studies, Dr. Cardoso and her colleagues have also reported that male breast cancers are biologically and molecularly different compared to female breast cancers—underscoring the need for more research.
In 2019, researchers at the Mayo Clinic analyzed data from more than 10,000 men in the National Cancer Database. Their study found that factors such as a higher age at diagnosis, being African American, having a high grade/stage tumor at diagnosis, and receiving total mastectomy all negatively affected breast cancer outcomes. Those men with a higher economic status, a progesterone receptor–positive breast cancer, and who received radiation, chemotherapy, and endocrine therapy had better outcomes.
In the final phase of the International Breast Cancer Program, Dr. Cardoso hopes to initiate a clinical trial to test a combination hormone therapy in men with breast cancer. Her team continues to conduct molecular profiling on the more than 500 tumor samples from the retrospective component of the study.
With BCRF support, Dr. Jose Pablo Leone, BCRF researcher and director of Dana-Farber Cancer Institute’s Program for Breast Cancer in Men, has launched a study in men with breast cancer to test multiple therapeutic strategies used to treat women, including hormone-targeting drugs and CDK4/6 inhibitors. The study is now open at Dana-Farber and six additional sites within the Translational Breast Cancer Research Consortium, a BCRF-supported collective of leading breast cancer sites across the U.S.
Through research, we’ll gain greater insight into the clinical and biological characteristics of breast cancer in men, and we will be able to provide male patients with better treatments and ultimately improve outcomes.
American Cancer Society. (2024). Breast cancer facts & figures 2024-2025. https://www.cancer.org/content/dam/cancer-org/research/cancer-facts-and-statistics/breast-cancer-facts-and-figures/2024/breast-cancer-facts-and-figures-2024.pdf
Cardoso, F., Bartlett, J., Slaets, L., Van Deurzen, C., Van Leeuwen-Stok, E., Porter, P., Linderholm, B., Hedenfalk, I., Schröder, C., Martens, J., Bayani, J., Van Asperen, C., Murray, M., Hudis, C., Middleton, L., Vermeij, J., Punie, K., Fraser, J., Nowaczyk, M., . . . Giordano, S. (2017). Characterization of male breast cancer: results of the EORTC 10085/TBCRC/BIG/NABCG International Male Breast Cancer Program. Annals of Oncology, 29(2), 405–417. https://doi.org/10.1093/annonc/mdx651
Key statistics for breast cancer in men. (n.d.). American Cancer Society. https://www.cancer.org/cancer/types/breast-cancer-in-men/about/key-statistics.html
Leone, J. P., Freedman, R. A., Leone, J., Tolaney, S. M., Vallejo, C. T., Leone, B. A., Winer, E. P., Lin, N. U., & Hassett, M. J. (2022). Survival in male breast cancer over the past 3 decades. JNCI Journal of the National Cancer Institute, 115(4), 421–428. https://doi.org/10.1093/jnci/djac241
Male breast cancer – Symptoms and causes. (n.d.). Mayo Clinic. https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/male-breast-cancer/symptoms-causes/syc-20374740
Treatment of breast cancer in men, by stage. (n.d.). American Cancer Society. https://www.cancer.org/cancer/breast-cancer-in-men/treating/by-stage.html
Yadav, S., Karam, D., Riaz, I. B., Xie, H., Durani, U., Duma, N., Giridhar, K. V., Hieken, T. J., Boughey, J. C., Mutter, R. W., Hawse, J. R., Jimenez, R. E., Couch, F. J., Leon‐Ferre, R. A., & Ruddy, K. J. (2019). Male breast cancer in the United States: Treatment patterns and prognostic factors in the 21st century. Cancer, 126(1), 26–36. https://doi.org/10.1002/cncr.32472
Information and articles in BCRF’s “About Breast Cancer” resources section are for educational purposes only and are not intended as medical advice. Content in this section should never replace conversations with your medical team about your personal risk, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis. Always speak to your doctor about your individual situation.
BCRF’s “About Breast Cancer” resources and articles are developed and produced by a team of experts. Chief Scientific Officer Dorraya El-Ashry, PhD provides scientific and medical review. Scientific Program Managers Priya Malhotra, PhD, Marisa Rubio, PhD, and Diana Schlamadinger, PhD research and write content with some additional support. Director of Content Elizabeth Sile serves as editor.
Support research with a legacy gift. Sample, non-binding bequest language:
I give to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, located in New York, NY, federal tax identification number 13-3727250, ________% of my total estate (or $_____).
Stay in the know with the latest research news, insights, and resources delivered to your inbox.
Follow BCRF on all the major platforms for research news, inspiring stories, and more.
Breast Cancer Research Foundation28 West 44th Street, Suite 609, New York, NY 10036
General Office: 646-497-2600 | Toll Free: 1-866-346-3228bcrf@bcrf.org | BCRF is a 501 (c)(3) | EIN: 13-3727250


--- SOURCE: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28654590/ ---
The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
Create a file for external citation management software
Background: Perception of beauty is influenced by geographic, ethnic, cultural, and demographic factors. However, objective measurements remain the foundation for aesthetic evaluations. In the quest to better define the "ideal" female buttock, this study assumes interdependence among variables such as country of residence, sex, age, occupation, and aesthetic perception, yielding a waist-to-hip ratio that appears most pleasing across most cultures and geographic locations.
Methods: An online survey was designed. Modifiable ranges of buttock sizes were achieved by means of digital alteration, enabling participants to interactively change the size and waist-to-hip ratio of a single model's buttocks. The questionnaire was translated into multiple languages and sent to more than 9000 plastic surgeons and to the general public worldwide. Demographic data were collected, and analysis of variance was used to elucidate buttock shape preferences.
Results: A total of 1032 responses were gathered from over 40 different countries. Significant differences regarding preferences for buttock size were identified across the respondents. Overall, 404 of 1032 of survey takers (39 percent) chose the 0.7 waist-to-hip ratio to be their ideal. Significant relationships were distilled between sex, age, self-reported ethnicity, plastic surgeons' country of residence, and ethnic background. For example, surgeons in Latin America preferred the largest buttocks, followed by surgeons in Asia, North America, and Europe, with non-Caucasians preferring larger buttocks than Caucasians.
Conclusion: There seems to exist a global consensus regarding the ideal waist-to-hip ratio; however, multiple other factors impact the aesthetic perception of the buttocks significantly.
Lip Attractiveness: A Cross-Cultural Analysis. Heidekrueger PI, Szpalski C, Weichman K, Juran S, Ng R, Claussen C, Ninkovic M, Broer PN.Heidekrueger PI, et al.Aesthet Surg J. 2017 Jul 1;37(7):828-836. doi: 10.1093/asj/sjw168.Aesthet Surg J. 2017.PMID: 27677824
The current preferred female lip ratio. Heidekrueger PI, Juran S, Szpalski C, Larcher L, Ng R, Broer PN.Heidekrueger PI, et al.J Craniomaxillofac Surg. 2017 May;45(5):655-660. doi: 10.1016/j.jcms.2017.01.038. Epub 2017 Feb 12.J Craniomaxillofac Surg. 2017.PMID: 28318919
Aesthetic breast shape preferences among plastic surgeons. Broer PN, Juran S, Walker ME, Ng R, Weichman K, Tanna N, Liu YJ, Shah A, Patel A, Persing JA, Thomson JG.Broer PN, et al.Ann Plast Surg. 2015 Jun;74(6):639-44. doi: 10.1097/SAP.0000000000000001.Ann Plast Surg. 2015.PMID: 24691316
Cosmetic Surgery and the Diversity of Cultural and Ethnic Perceptions of Facial, Breast, and Gluteal Aesthetics in Women: A Comprehensive Review. Arian H, Alroudan D, Alkandari Q, Shuaib A.Arian H, et al.Clin Cosmet Investig Dermatol. 2023 Jun 7;16:1443-1456. doi: 10.2147/CCID.S410621. eCollection 2023.Clin Cosmet Investig Dermatol. 2023.PMID: 37313510Free PMC article.Review.
Shapes, Proportions, and Variations in Breast Aesthetic Ideals: The Definition of Breast Beauty, Analysis, and Surgical Practice. Mallucci P, Branford OA.Mallucci P, et al.Clin Plast Surg. 2015 Oct;42(4):451-64. doi: 10.1016/j.cps.2015.06.012.Clin Plast Surg. 2015.PMID: 26408436Review.
Aesthetic Preferences for Beautiful Buttocks in Female: A Study on the Chinese Population. Cao S, Zhu M, Mu L.Cao S, et al.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2024 Dec;48(23):5091-5096. doi: 10.1007/s00266-024-04158-z. Epub 2024 Jun 12.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2024.PMID: 38867135
Submuscular Gluteal Augmentation and Lipoplasty for Buttock Beautification. Aytaç S.Aytaç S.Plast Reconstr Surg Glob Open. 2021 May 18;9(5):e3576. doi: 10.1097/GOX.0000000000003576. eCollection 2021 May.Plast Reconstr Surg Glob Open. 2021.PMID: 34881147Free PMC article.
Gluteal Augmentation with Fat Grafting: Literature Review. Che DH, Xiao ZB.Che DH, et al.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2021 Aug;45(4):1633-1641. doi: 10.1007/s00266-020-02038-w. Epub 2020 Nov 20.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2021.PMID: 33216176Review.
Interethnic Influencing Factors Regarding Buttocks Body Image in Women from Nigeria, Germany, USA and Japan. Wallner C, Kruber S, Adebayo SO, Ayandele O, Namatame H, Olonisakin TT, O Olapegba P, Sawamiya Y, Suzuki T, Yamamiya Y, Wagner MJ, Drysch M, Lehnhardt M, Behr B.Wallner C, et al.Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2022 Oct 14;19(20):13212. doi: 10.3390/ijerph192013212.Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2022.PMID: 36293797Free PMC article.
Ageism Linked to Culture, Not Demographics: Evidence From an 8-Billion-Word Corpus Across 20 Countries. Ng R, Lim-Soh JW.Ng R, et al.J Gerontol B Psychol Sci Soc Sci. 2021 Oct 30;76(9):1791-1798. doi: 10.1093/geronb/gbaa181.J Gerontol B Psychol Sci Soc Sci. 2021.PMID: 33099600Free PMC article.
Roberts TL III, Toledo LS, Badin AZ. Augmentation of the buttocks by micro fat grafting. Aesthet Surg J. 2001;21:311319.
Roberts TL III, Weinfeld AB, Bruner TW, Nguyen K. “Universal” and ethnic ideals of beautiful buttocks are best obtained by autologous micro fat grafting and liposuction. Clin Plast Surg. 2006;33:371394.
Springer IN, Zernial O, Warnke PH, Wiltfang J, Russo PA, Wolfart S. Nasal shape and gender of the observer: Implications for rhinoplasty. J Craniomaxillofac Surg. 2009;37:37.
Thakerar JN, Iwawaki S. Cross-cultural comparisons in interpersonal attraction of females toward males. J Soc Psychol. 1979;108:121122.
Furnham A, Baguma P. Cross-cultural differences in the evaluation of male and female body shapes. Int J Eat Disord. 1994;15:8189.
Actions Search in PubMed Search in MeSH Add to Search
Full Text Sources Ingenta plc Ovid Technologies, Inc. Wolters Kluwer
Other Literature Sources scite Smart Citations
The PubMed wordmark and PubMed logo are registered trademarks of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). Unauthorized use of these marks is strictly prohibited.


--- SOURCE: https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC5636355/ ---
Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
. 2017 Oct 2;5(9 Suppl):51-52. doi: 10.1097/01.GOX.0000526235.40195.9a Abstract: The Ideal Buttock Size: A Sociodemographic Morphometric Evaluation P Niclas Broer P Niclas Broer, MD, PhD 1Klinikum Bogenhausen Teaching Hospital, Technical University Munich, Germany, Munich Find articles by P Niclas Broer 1, Paul Immanuel Heidekrueger Paul Immanuel Heidekrueger, MD 1Klinikum Bogenhausen Teaching Hospital, Technical University Munich, Germany, Munich Find articles by Paul Immanuel Heidekrueger 1, Sammy Sinno Sammy Sinno, MD 1Klinikum Bogenhausen Teaching Hospital, Technical University Munich, Germany, Munich Find articles by Sammy Sinno 1, Sabrina Juran Sabrina Juran, PhD 1Klinikum Bogenhausen Teaching Hospital, Technical University Munich, Germany, Munich Find articles by Sabrina Juran 1, Caroline Szpalski Caroline Szpalski, MD 1Klinikum Bogenhausen Teaching Hospital, Technical University Munich, Germany, Munich Find articles by Caroline Szpalski 1, Milomir Ninkovic Milomir Ninkovic, MD 1Klinikum Bogenhausen Teaching Hospital, Technical University Munich, Germany, Munich Find articles by Milomir Ninkovic 1 1Klinikum Bogenhausen Teaching Hospital, Technical University Munich, Germany, Munich Supplement PSTM 2017 Abstract SupplementCollection date 2017 Sep. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. on behalf of The American Society of Plastic Surgeons. All rights reserved. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives License 4.0 (CCBY-NC-ND), where it is permissible to download and share the work provided it is properly cited. The work cannot be changed in any way or used commercially without permission from the journal. PMC Copyright notice PMCID: PMC5636355 INTRODUCTION: Perception of beauty is influenced by geographic, ethnic, cultural, and demographic factors. However, objective measurements remain the foundation for esthetic evaluations. In the quest to better define the “ideal” female buttock, this study assumes interdependence between variables such as country of residence, sex, age, occupation, and esthetic perception, yielding a waist to hip ratio which appears most pleasing across most cultures and geographic locations. METHODS: An online survey was designed. Modifiable ranges of buttock sizes were achieved via digital alteration, enabling participants to interactively change the size and waist to hip ratio of a single model’s buttock. The questionnaire was translated into multiple languages and sent to more than 9,000 plastic surgeons and to the general public worldwide. Demographic data were collected and analysis of variance was used to elucidate buttock shape preferences. RESULTS: A total of 1,032 responses were gathered from over 40 different countries. Significant differences regarding preferences for buttock size were identified across the respondents. Overall, 39% (404/1,032) of survey takers chose the 0.7 waist to hip ratio to be their ideal. Significant relationships were distilled between gender, age, self-reported ethnicity, and plastic surgeons’ country of residence and ethnic background. For example, surgeons in Latin America preferred the largest buttocks followed by surgeons in Asia, North America, and Europe, with non-Caucasians preferring bigger buttocks than Caucasians. CONCLUSION: There seems to exist a general global consensus regarding the ideal waist to hip ratio, however multiple other factors impact the esthetic perception of the buttocks significantly.
Abstract: The Ideal Buttock Size: A Sociodemographic Morphometric Evaluation
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives License 4.0 (CCBY-NC-ND), where it is permissible to download and share the work provided it is properly cited. The work cannot be changed in any way or used commercially without permission from the journal.
INTRODUCTION: Perception of beauty is influenced by geographic, ethnic, cultural, and demographic factors. However, objective measurements remain the foundation for esthetic evaluations. In the quest to better define the “ideal” female buttock, this study assumes interdependence between variables such as country of residence, sex, age, occupation, and esthetic perception, yielding a waist to hip ratio which appears most pleasing across most cultures and geographic locations.
METHODS: An online survey was designed. Modifiable ranges of buttock sizes were achieved via digital alteration, enabling participants to interactively change the size and waist to hip ratio of a single model’s buttock. The questionnaire was translated into multiple languages and sent to more than 9,000 plastic surgeons and to the general public worldwide. Demographic data were collected and analysis of variance was used to elucidate buttock shape preferences.
RESULTS: A total of 1,032 responses were gathered from over 40 different countries. Significant differences regarding preferences for buttock size were identified across the respondents. Overall, 39% (404/1,032) of survey takers chose the 0.7 waist to hip ratio to be their ideal. Significant relationships were distilled between gender, age, self-reported ethnicity, and plastic surgeons’ country of residence and ethnic background. For example, surgeons in Latin America preferred the largest buttocks followed by surgeons in Asia, North America, and Europe, with non-Caucasians preferring bigger buttocks than Caucasians.
CONCLUSION: There seems to exist a general global consensus regarding the ideal waist to hip ratio, however multiple other factors impact the esthetic perception of the buttocks significantly.


--- SOURCE: https://www.mensjournal.com/news/ideal-male-butt-uncovered-new-study ---



--- SOURCE: https://jollofmash.com.ng/the-science-of-attraction-butts-vs-breasts-what-do-men-really-prefer/ ---
The Science of Attraction: Butts vs. Breasts – What Do Men Really Prefer?
The attraction that comes with having big butts or breast has been scientifically proven, hopefully this write up can help you see between the cleavage of it. From time immemorial, the battle between derrières and décolletage has been a subject of fascination. As a matter if fact too, from evolutionary psychology to cultural influences, the human preference for certain physical features in the opposite sex has sparked debates and, of course, some intriguing studies. Researching The Why A 2013 research project conducted at the University of Buenos Aires in Argentina delved into the age-old question: Butts or breasts? The findings were surprising—59% of heterosexual men expressed a preference for buttocks, while 38.5% leaned toward breasts. A mere 2% claimed to appreciate both equally. This intriguing revelation sheds light on the complexity of male attraction. Attractiveness, as explored by adaptive psychological mechanisms, involves factors contributing to reproductive success. Men, wired by evolutionary traits, find various physical characteristics alluring in women. These include youth cues, facial symmetry, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), and, notably, secondary sexual traits like breasts. Research suggests that breast size can significantly influence male judgments of attractiveness. Also, a study by Furnham and Swami in 2007 revealed that breast size had a more substantial impact on attractiveness ratings than buttock size, especially when viewed from the side. While cultural influences play a role, Lynn’s experimental study in 2009 indicated that, at least in an American context, size matters more than shape. However, the preference for buttocks isn’t a dismissive gesture towards breasts; it simply adds complexity to the age-old debate. The study also highlighted variations among ethnic groups, with Latino men expressing a stronger preference for buttocks compared to other groups. What’s Your Pick? So, does your boyfriend admire your curves from the front or the back? The answer might not be as straightforward as you think. While cultural narratives and media may perpetuate the allure of a well-endowed chest, some studies suggest that more men lean toward an attractive posterior. The Argentinean study, while not definitive, prompts us to reconsider the dynamics of attraction. Whether you’re in a committed relationship or navigating the single life, understanding these preferences might pique your curiosity. The key lies not in conforming to a singular ideal but embracing the diverse ways individuals experience attraction. Buttocks matter to men, and the allure often surpasses that of breasts. For those seeking enhancement, exercise becomes a crucial tool. Unlike breasts, which are mainly fat and glandular tissue, buttocks comprise muscles—specifically, the gluteus maximus. Squats, lunges, and step-ups are recommended exercises to sculpt and enhance the appearance of your derrière. While some may opt for surgical solutions, the journey to a shapelier rear often starts with strength-training exercises. Whether you’re looking to emphasize your curves or embrace your natural beauty, the choice is yours. Beauty standards may shift, but confidence and self-love remain timeless. How then can you acquire a head turner, find out here. At the end, it’s not about conforming to societal ideals; it’s about embracing what makes you feel confident and empowered. So, whether you’re flaunting your curves or toning your muscles, remember that your unique allure extends beyond societal expectations. Written by Fortune Omosola
The attraction that comes with having big butts or breast has been scientifically proven, hopefully this write up can help you see between the cleavage of it.
From time immemorial, the battle between derrières and décolletage has been a subject of fascination. As a matter if fact too, from evolutionary psychology to cultural influences, the human preference for certain physical features in the opposite sex has sparked debates and, of course, some intriguing studies.
A 2013 research project conducted at the University of Buenos Aires in Argentina delved into the age-old question: Butts or breasts? The findings were surprising—59% of heterosexual men expressed a preference for buttocks, while 38.5% leaned toward breasts.
A mere 2% claimed to appreciate both equally. This intriguing revelation sheds light on the complexity of male attraction.
Attractiveness, as explored by adaptive psychological mechanisms, involves factors contributing to reproductive success. Men, wired by evolutionary traits, find various physical characteristics alluring in women. These include youth cues, facial symmetry, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), and, notably, secondary sexual traits like breasts.
Research suggests that breast size can significantly influence male judgments of attractiveness.
Also, a study by Furnham and Swami in 2007 revealed that breast size had a more substantial impact on attractiveness ratings than buttock size, especially when viewed from the side.
While cultural influences play a role, Lynn’s experimental study in 2009 indicated that, at least in an American context, size matters more than shape.
However, the preference for buttocks isn’t a dismissive gesture towards breasts; it simply adds complexity to the age-old debate. The study also highlighted variations among ethnic groups, with Latino men expressing a stronger preference for buttocks compared to other groups.
So, does your boyfriend admire your curves from the front or the back? The answer might not be as straightforward as you think. While cultural narratives and media may perpetuate the allure of a well-endowed chest, some studies suggest that more men lean toward an attractive posterior.
The Argentinean study, while not definitive, prompts us to reconsider the dynamics of attraction. Whether you’re in a committed relationship or navigating the single life, understanding these preferences might pique your curiosity. The key lies not in conforming to a singular ideal but embracing the diverse ways individuals experience attraction.
Buttocks matter to men, and the allure often surpasses that of breasts. For those seeking enhancement, exercise becomes a crucial tool. Unlike breasts, which are mainly fat and glandular tissue, buttocks comprise muscles—specifically, the gluteus maximus. Squats, lunges, and step-ups are recommended exercises to sculpt and enhance the appearance of your derrière.
While some may opt for surgical solutions, the journey to a shapelier rear often starts with strength-training exercises.
Whether you’re looking to emphasize your curves or embrace your natural beauty, the choice is yours. Beauty standards may shift, but confidence and self-love remain timeless.
How then can you acquire a head turner, find out here.
At the end, it’s not about conforming to societal ideals; it’s about embracing what makes you feel confident and empowered.
So, whether you’re flaunting your curves or toning your muscles, remember that your unique allure extends beyond societal expectations.
Wow, this piece of writing is nice, my sister is analyzing these kinds of things, therefore I am going to tell her. Reply
Wow, this piece of writing is nice, my sister is analyzing these kinds of things, therefore I am going to tell her.
Fantastic blog! Do you have any tips and hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own website soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you suggest starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m totally overwhelmed .. Any tips? Thank you! Reply
Fantastic blog! Do you have any tips and hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own website soon but I’m a little lost on everything.
Would you suggest starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m totally overwhelmed .. Any tips? Thank you!
WOW just what I was looking for. Came here by searching for xanex Reply
WOW just what I was looking for. Came here by searching for xanex
Simply want to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity in your post is simply excellent and i can assume you are an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the rewarding work. Reply
Simply want to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity in your post is simply excellent and i can assume you are an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post.
Thanks a million and please keep up the rewarding work.
Wow, this article is good, my younger sister is analyzing these kinds of things, thus I am going to let know her. Reply
Wow, this article is good, my younger sister is analyzing these kinds of things, thus I am going to let know her.
My spouse and I absolutely love your blog and find almost all of your post’s to be what precisely I’m looking for. Would you offer guest writers to write content for yourself? I wouldn’t mind producing a post or elaborating on a number of the subjects you write concerning here. Again, awesome site! Reply
My spouse and I absolutely love your blog and find almost all of your post’s to be what precisely I’m looking for. Would you offer guest writers to write content for yourself? I wouldn’t mind producing a post or elaborating on a number of the subjects you write concerning here. Again, awesome site!
Good day! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates. Reply
Good day! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates.
excellent submit, very informative. I ponder why the other specialists of this sector don’t notice this. You should continue your writing. I am confident, you have a huge readers’ base already! Reply
excellent submit, very informative. I ponder why the other specialists of this sector don’t notice this. You should continue your writing.
I am confident, you have a huge readers’ base already!
Climate changeInformative materialsLifestyleTravelTrendy Akwa Ibom Tops National Cleanliness Ranking for Eighth Year 2 days ago
Akwa Ibom Tops National Cleanliness Ranking for Eighth Year
Lifestyle Headphones and High Volume Driving Early Dementia in Young Nigerians, Neurologist Warns 3 days ago
Headphones and High Volume Driving Early Dementia in Young Nigerians, Neurologist Warns
NewsMotivation Two Liberalist Journalists Shine at 2025 CJID Excellence in Journalism Awards 6 days ago
Two Liberalist Journalists Shine at 2025 CJID Excellence in Journalism Awards
EconomyInformative materials New Nigerian Tax Act Set for 2026: Full List of Penalties for Non-Compliance 1 week ago
New Nigerian Tax Act Set for 2026: Full List of Penalties for Non-Compliance
Informative materialsNews Mercenaries Weaken Our Systems — President Tinubu Warns Africa Against Outsourcing Wars 1 week ago
Mercenaries Weaken Our Systems — President Tinubu Warns Africa Against Outsourcing Wars
Lifestyle Processed Foods Linked to Rising Global Health Risks, Experts Warn After Landmark Review 2 weeks ago
Processed Foods Linked to Rising Global Health Risks, Experts Warn After Landmark Review


--- SOURCE: https://thisvsthat.io/female-breasts---male-enthusiast-vs-female-buttocks---male-enthusiast ---
Female Breasts - Male Enthusiast vs. Female Buttocks - Male Enthusiast What's the Difference? Female breasts and female buttocks are both commonly objectified by male enthusiasts, but they are often viewed and appreciated in different ways. Female breasts are often seen as symbols of femininity and sexuality, while female buttocks are often associated with sensuality and attractiveness. Both body parts are often the focus of male gaze and desire, but the way they are perceived and valued can vary depending on individual preferences and cultural norms. Ultimately, both body parts are often objectified and sexualized in ways that can be harmful to women's self-esteem and body image. Comparison AttributeFemale Breasts - Male EnthusiastFemale Buttocks - Male EnthusiastSizeVaries in sizeVaries in sizeShapeRound, perkyRound, curvySensitivityHighly sensitiveLess sensitiveFunctionFeeding infants, sexual attractionSupport, sexual attractionLocationChest areaButtocks area Further Detail Physical AppearanceFemale breasts and female buttocks are two of the most prominent physical features that attract male enthusiasts. Breasts are typically round, soft, and come in various sizes, shapes, and colors. They are often seen as a symbol of femininity and fertility. On the other hand, female buttocks are also round and soft, but they are located on the lower part of the body. They are often associated with sensuality and attractiveness.Size and ShapeWhen it comes to size and shape, female breasts and female buttocks can vary greatly. Some men prefer larger breasts, while others prefer smaller ones. The same goes for buttocks - some men prefer a more rounded shape, while others prefer a more toned and athletic look. Ultimately, personal preference plays a significant role in what is considered attractive in terms of size and shape.Sexual AttractionBoth female breasts and female buttocks are considered erogenous zones that can elicit sexual arousal in male enthusiasts. The sight, touch, and feel of these body parts can be highly stimulating for many men. Breasts are often associated with foreplay and intimacy, while buttocks are often linked to sexual positions and physical attraction. Ultimately, both body parts play a crucial role in sexual attraction and desire.Cultural SignificanceThroughout history, female breasts and female buttocks have held different cultural significance in various societies. In some cultures, larger breasts are seen as a sign of beauty and fertility, while in others, smaller breasts are considered more attractive. Similarly, some cultures value a more voluptuous buttocks, while others prefer a slimmer and toned look. These cultural differences can influence what is considered attractive in terms of female body parts.Media PortrayalIn mainstream media, female breasts are often hypersexualized and used to sell products or attract viewers. They are frequently objectified and portrayed as the ultimate symbol of femininity and beauty. On the other hand, female buttocks have also been objectified in media, particularly in music videos and advertisements. They are often showcased in a sexualized manner to appeal to male audiences. Both body parts are often portrayed in a way that reinforces traditional gender roles and beauty standards.Personal PreferenceUltimately, personal preference plays a significant role in what male enthusiasts find attractive in terms of female breasts and female buttocks. Some men may prefer larger breasts and a more rounded buttocks, while others may prefer smaller breasts and a toned buttocks. It is essential to recognize that beauty is subjective, and what one person finds attractive may not be the same for another. Ultimately, it is essential to respect individual preferences and not objectify or judge based on physical appearance. Comparisons may contain inaccurate information about people, places, or facts. Please report any issues.
Female Breasts - Male Enthusiast vs. Female Buttocks - Male Enthusiast
Female breasts and female buttocks are both commonly objectified by male enthusiasts, but they are often viewed and appreciated in different ways. Female breasts are often seen as symbols of femininity and sexuality, while female buttocks are often associated with sensuality and attractiveness. Both body parts are often the focus of male gaze and desire, but the way they are perceived and valued can vary depending on individual preferences and cultural norms. Ultimately, both body parts are often objectified and sexualized in ways that can be harmful to women's self-esteem and body image.
Female breasts and female buttocks are two of the most prominent physical features that attract male enthusiasts. Breasts are typically round, soft, and come in various sizes, shapes, and colors. They are often seen as a symbol of femininity and fertility. On the other hand, female buttocks are also round and soft, but they are located on the lower part of the body. They are often associated with sensuality and attractiveness.
When it comes to size and shape, female breasts and female buttocks can vary greatly. Some men prefer larger breasts, while others prefer smaller ones. The same goes for buttocks - some men prefer a more rounded shape, while others prefer a more toned and athletic look. Ultimately, personal preference plays a significant role in what is considered attractive in terms of size and shape.
Both female breasts and female buttocks are considered erogenous zones that can elicit sexual arousal in male enthusiasts. The sight, touch, and feel of these body parts can be highly stimulating for many men. Breasts are often associated with foreplay and intimacy, while buttocks are often linked to sexual positions and physical attraction. Ultimately, both body parts play a crucial role in sexual attraction and desire.
Throughout history, female breasts and female buttocks have held different cultural significance in various societies. In some cultures, larger breasts are seen as a sign of beauty and fertility, while in others, smaller breasts are considered more attractive. Similarly, some cultures value a more voluptuous buttocks, while others prefer a slimmer and toned look. These cultural differences can influence what is considered attractive in terms of female body parts.
In mainstream media, female breasts are often hypersexualized and used to sell products or attract viewers. They are frequently objectified and portrayed as the ultimate symbol of femininity and beauty. On the other hand, female buttocks have also been objectified in media, particularly in music videos and advertisements. They are often showcased in a sexualized manner to appeal to male audiences. Both body parts are often portrayed in a way that reinforces traditional gender roles and beauty standards.
Ultimately, personal preference plays a significant role in what male enthusiasts find attractive in terms of female breasts and female buttocks. Some men may prefer larger breasts and a more rounded buttocks, while others may prefer smaller breasts and a toned buttocks. It is essential to recognize that beauty is subjective, and what one person finds attractive may not be the same for another. Ultimately, it is essential to respect individual preferences and not objectify or judge based on physical appearance.
Comparisons may contain inaccurate information about people, places, or facts. Please report any issues.


--- SOURCE: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22552704/ ---
The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
Create a file for external citation management software
Evolutionary psychologists have been interested in male preferences for particular female traits that are thought to signal health and reproductive potential. While the majority of studies have focused on what makes specific body traits attractive-such as the waist-to-hip ratio, the body mass index, and breasts shape and size-there is little empirical research that has examined individual differences in male preferences for specific traits (e.g., favoring breasts over buttocks). The current study begins to fill this empirical gap. In the first experiment (Study 1), 184 male participants were asked to report their preference between breasts and buttocks on a continuous scale. We found that (1) the distribution of preference was bimodal, indicating that Argentinean males tended to define themselves as favoring breasts or buttocks but rarely thinking that these traits contributed equally to their choice and (2) the distribution was biased towards buttocks. In a second experiment (Study 2), 19 male participants were asked to rate pictures of female breasts and buttocks. This study was necessary to generate three categories of pictures with statistically different ratings (high, medium, and low). In a third experiment (Study 3), we recorded eye-movements of 25 male participants while they chose the more attractive between two women, only seeing their breasts and buttock. We found that the first and last fixations were systematically directed towards the self-reported preferred trait.
Eye-tracking of men's preferences for waist-to-hip ratio and breast size of women. Dixson BJ, Grimshaw GM, Linklater WL, Dixson AF.Dixson BJ, et al.Arch Sex Behav. 2011 Feb;40(1):43-50. doi: 10.1007/s10508-009-9523-5. Epub 2009 Aug 18.Arch Sex Behav. 2011.PMID: 19688590
Eye tracking of men's preferences for female breast size and areola pigmentation. Dixson BJ, Grimshaw GM, Linklater WL, Dixson AF.Dixson BJ, et al.Arch Sex Behav. 2011 Feb;40(1):51-8. doi: 10.1007/s10508-010-9601-8. Epub 2010 Feb 19.Arch Sex Behav. 2011.PMID: 20169468
Drive for thinness and attention toward specific body parts in a nonclinical sample. Hewig J, Cooper S, Trippe RH, Hecht H, Straube T, Miltner WH.Hewig J, et al.Psychosom Med. 2008 Jul;70(6):729-36. doi: 10.1097/PSY.0b013e31817e41d3.Psychosom Med. 2008.PMID: 18606732
The shape of beauty: determinants of female physical attractiveness. Fisher ML, Voracek M.Fisher ML, et al.J Cosmet Dermatol. 2006 Jun;5(2):190-4. doi: 10.1111/j.1473-2165.2006.00249.x.J Cosmet Dermatol. 2006.PMID: 17173598Review.
Female Genitalia and Breasts. Roberts CS.Roberts CS.In: Walker HK, Hall WD, Hurst JW, editors. Clinical Methods: The History, Physical, and Laboratory Examinations. 3rd edition. Boston: Butterworths; 1990.In: Walker HK, Hall WD, Hurst JW, editors. Clinical Methods: The History, Physical, and Laboratory Examinations. 3rd edition. Boston: Butterworths; 1990.PMID: 21250271Free Books & Documents.Review.No abstract available.
Tendencies Toward Supernormality/Subnormality in Generating Attractive and Unattractive Female and Male Avatars: Gender Differences. Marković S, Bulut T.Marković S, et al.Arch Sex Behav. 2023 Aug;52(6):2317-2336. doi: 10.1007/s10508-023-02575-w. Epub 2023 Mar 30.Arch Sex Behav. 2023.PMID: 36995537
Attention Bias and Recognition of Sexual Images in Depression. Novák O, Bártová K, Klapilová K.Novák O, et al.Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2021 Aug 23;18(16):8880. doi: 10.3390/ijerph18168880.Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2021.PMID: 34444629Free PMC article.
Secondary Submuscular Gluteal Implant Replacement: The Safe Hybrid Bridge Technique. Colli M, Giordano S, Dondè E, Gennai A.Colli M, et al.J Clin Med. 2025 Jun 25;14(13):4486. doi: 10.3390/jcm14134486.J Clin Med. 2025.PMID: 40648860Free PMC article.
Attention Bias and Recognition of Sexual Images. Novák O, Bártová K, Vagenknecht V, Klapilová K.Novák O, et al.Front Psychol. 2020 Nov 2;11:556071. doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2020.556071. eCollection 2020.Front Psychol. 2020.PMID: 33224052Free PMC article.
Eye-Tracking Insights into the Perception of Buttocks. Zeng R, Glaue E, Moellhoff N, Alfertshofer M, Cotofana S, Knoedler S, Knoedler L, Wiggenhauser S, Giunta R, Frank K.Zeng R, et al.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2024 Oct;48(19):3936-3944. doi: 10.1007/s00266-024-04257-x. Epub 2024 Jul 29.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2024.PMID: 39075324
Actions Search in PubMed Search in MeSH Add to Search
The PubMed wordmark and PubMed logo are registered trademarks of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). Unauthorized use of these marks is strictly prohibited.


--- SOURCE: https://biobalancehealth.com/men-perceive-look-tells-us-men/ ---
Home » What Men Perceive When They Look at Them and What That Tells Us About Men.
What Men Perceive When They Look at Them and What That Tells Us About Men. Posted on February 12, 2018 The way a man perceives (considers) female breasts in terms of attractiveness may be driven by his wealth, his social standing, and his overall level of hunger. As you may know, Dr. Maupin recently opened a medical spa. Both men and women come to this spa for treatments that are designed to remove the signs of aging: skin sag, loss of facial fat, body fat redistribution and wrinkles. Both her medical spa BioBalance Skin, and her anti-aging medical practice, promotes healthy living, exercise, ideal weight and “body beautiful”. As part of the discussion that has arisen from clients who come to the spa we have focused on research regarding women’s breast size and shape. Though Dr. Maupin and her staff do not deal with breast enlargement or reduction, they are knowledgeable regarding issues surrounding women’s concerns about breast size. Part of what women are concerned about is how men regard their bodies and that includes breast size. We have gathered research focusing on what we can learn about men’s obsession with breasts and their preference for breasts of one size over another, more because of what it tells us about individual men, than what women should aspire to. We found two articles in particular, one from a scientific journal, the Archives of Sexual Behavior, 6 October, 2011, and a Journal called Fatherly, December 7, 2017. Interestingly enough, both articles emphasized some of the same results. One was more scholarly and scientific and one was more tongue -n-cheek, yet they both referenced much of the same data. Both articles base the modern-day preferences on the basic breeding strategies of the species: Women who appear to be the most fertile (large breasts) are the most attractive to the men from the part of the population who need to move ahead, or compete better, over the richest and most advantaged men. Fertility wins the species competition over wealth and plenty! Here are some of the points that both articles emphasize: The way a man perceives (considers) female breasts in terms of attractiveness may be driven by his wealth, his social standing, and his overall level of hunger. The general rumor that men prefer medium to large breasts tends to be true globally, but preferences may vary depending on breeding strategies for men seeking a mate. The wealthier you are in western society the less you are driven to seek out large breasted women as mates Attractiveness is judged my means of adaptive psychological mechanisms that have evolved to identify prospective mates who will increase reproductive success above random selection Men are attracted to a number of physical characteristics in women, including: youth cues, face shape, overall symmetry, waist to hip ration and distribution of fat reserves. (mostly visual cues recognized as markers of female fertility and good genes) Men are more influenced by breast size than buttock size. Men in developing societies and working class backgrounds have a preference for plumper women Men with long term mating strategies tend to seek durable, high-investment relationships. They value not only reproductive potential and physical attractiveness, but also non-physical traits like interpersonal responsiveness loyalty chastity commitment and parental skills. Both studies reference a SOI R inventory, standing for sociosexual orientation inventory, revised. Primarily those men labeled as restricted tend to seek monogamous long- term partners. Those identified as unrestricted tend to be open to random mating encounters Sexually unrestricted men tend to focus more on looks and are more sensitive to female facial cueing. In summary, it may be safe to say that men tend to prefer women with larger breasts (generally medium to large), but not the largest. These are the reasons why: There are a few reasons why large female breasts should be perceived as attractive. Large, developed, nulliparous breasts may signal female sexual maturity and fecundity to men (Sugiyama, 2005). It has been shown that women with low WHR and large breasts have higher mean and mid-cycle estradiol levels than other women. Also, regardless of WHR, estradiol level is higher in women with larger breasts than in women with smaller ones One should consider the strategy of the male and the ultimate goal. Is he looking for a wife and mother who will be nurturing, healthy, socially responsive and attractive (with a good personality) or is he looking for a way to score a sexual encounter and enhance his satisfaction level and reputation? If you know a man’s strategy and his socioeconomic status you can make an educated guess regarding either his long term desire or his short term goal and whether he considers himself to have already won the wealth battle so he regards fertility as less important or whether he is scrambling to the top of the societal ladder by attracting a very fertile woman to help his offspring become the next adults to succeed and achieve societies upper crust. This Health cast was written and presented by Dr. Kathy Maupin, M.D., Bio-identical Hormone Replacement Expert and Author, with Brett Newcomb, MA., LPC., Family Counselor, Presenter and Author. www.BioBalanceHealth.com. Related Post: Lack of Libido Andropause and Loss of Sex Drive (Libido) Symptoms of Hormone Imbalance Part 1 ← Previous Post Next Post →
What Men Perceive When They Look at Them and What That Tells Us About Men.
The way a man perceives (considers) female breasts in terms of attractiveness may be driven by his wealth, his social standing, and his overall level of hunger.
As you may know, Dr. Maupin recently opened a medical spa. Both men and women come to this spa for treatments that are designed to remove the signs of aging: skin sag, loss of facial fat, body fat redistribution and wrinkles. Both her medical spa BioBalance Skin, and her anti-aging medical practice, promotes healthy living, exercise, ideal weight and “body beautiful”.
As part of the discussion that has arisen from clients who come to the spa we have focused on research regarding women’s breast size and shape. Though Dr. Maupin and her staff do not deal with breast enlargement or reduction, they are knowledgeable regarding issues surrounding women’s concerns about breast size.
Part of what women are concerned about is how men regard their bodies and that includes breast size.
We have gathered research focusing on what we can learn about men’s obsession with breasts and their preference for breasts of one size over another, more because of what it tells us about individual men, than what women should aspire to. We found two articles in particular, one from a scientific journal, the Archives of Sexual Behavior, 6 October, 2011, and a Journal called Fatherly, December 7, 2017.
Interestingly enough, both articles emphasized some of the same results. One was more scholarly and scientific and one was more tongue -n-cheek, yet they both referenced much of the same data. Both articles base the modern-day preferences on the basic breeding strategies of the species: Women who appear to be the most fertile (large breasts) are the most attractive to the men from the part of the population who need to move ahead, or compete better, over the richest and most advantaged men. Fertility wins the species competition over wealth and plenty!
Here are some of the points that both articles emphasize:
The general rumor that men prefer medium to large breasts tends to be true globally, but preferences may vary depending on breeding strategies for men seeking a mate.
The wealthier you are in western society the less you are driven to seek out large breasted women as mates
Attractiveness is judged my means of adaptive psychological mechanisms that have evolved to identify prospective mates who will increase reproductive success above random selection
Men are attracted to a number of physical characteristics in women, including: youth cues, face shape, overall symmetry, waist to hip ration and distribution of fat reserves. (mostly visual cues recognized as markers of female fertility and good genes)
Men are more influenced by breast size than buttock size.
Men in developing societies and working class backgrounds have a preference for plumper women
Men with long term mating strategies tend to seek durable, high-investment relationships. They value not only reproductive potential and physical attractiveness, but also non-physical traits like interpersonal responsiveness loyalty chastity commitment and parental skills.
Both studies reference a SOI R inventory, standing for sociosexual orientation inventory, revised. Primarily those men labeled as restricted tend to seek monogamous long- term partners. Those identified as unrestricted tend to be open to random mating encounters
Sexually unrestricted men tend to focus more on looks and are more sensitive to female facial cueing.
In summary, it may be safe to say that men tend to prefer women with larger breasts (generally medium to large), but not the largest. These are the reasons why:
There are a few reasons why large female breasts should be perceived as attractive. Large, developed, nulliparous breasts may signal female sexual maturity and fecundity to men (Sugiyama, 2005). It has been shown that women with low WHR and large breasts have higher mean and mid-cycle estradiol levels than other women. Also, regardless of WHR, estradiol level is higher in women with larger breasts than in women with smaller ones
One should consider the strategy of the male and the ultimate goal. Is he looking for a wife and mother who will be nurturing, healthy, socially responsive and attractive (with a good personality) or is he looking for a way to score a sexual encounter and enhance his satisfaction level and reputation?
If you know a man’s strategy and his socioeconomic status you can make an educated guess regarding either his long term desire or his short term goal and whether he considers himself to have already won the wealth battle so he regards fertility as less important or whether he is scrambling to the top of the societal ladder by attracting a very fertile woman to help his offspring become the next adults to succeed and achieve societies upper crust.
This Health cast was written and presented by Dr. Kathy Maupin, M.D., Bio-identical Hormone Replacement Expert and Author, with Brett Newcomb, MA., LPC., Family Counselor, Presenter and Author. www.BioBalanceHealth.com.
Andropause and Loss of Sex Drive (Libido)


--- SOURCE: https://jollofmash.com.ng/the-science-of-attraction-butts-vs-breasts-what-do-men-really-prefer/ ---
The Science of Attraction: Butts vs. Breasts – What Do Men Really Prefer?
The attraction that comes with having big butts or breast has been scientifically proven, hopefully this write up can help you see between the cleavage of it. From time immemorial, the battle between derrières and décolletage has been a subject of fascination. As a matter if fact too, from evolutionary psychology to cultural influences, the human preference for certain physical features in the opposite sex has sparked debates and, of course, some intriguing studies. Researching The Why A 2013 research project conducted at the University of Buenos Aires in Argentina delved into the age-old question: Butts or breasts? The findings were surprising—59% of heterosexual men expressed a preference for buttocks, while 38.5% leaned toward breasts. A mere 2% claimed to appreciate both equally. This intriguing revelation sheds light on the complexity of male attraction. Attractiveness, as explored by adaptive psychological mechanisms, involves factors contributing to reproductive success. Men, wired by evolutionary traits, find various physical characteristics alluring in women. These include youth cues, facial symmetry, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), and, notably, secondary sexual traits like breasts. Research suggests that breast size can significantly influence male judgments of attractiveness. Also, a study by Furnham and Swami in 2007 revealed that breast size had a more substantial impact on attractiveness ratings than buttock size, especially when viewed from the side. While cultural influences play a role, Lynn’s experimental study in 2009 indicated that, at least in an American context, size matters more than shape. However, the preference for buttocks isn’t a dismissive gesture towards breasts; it simply adds complexity to the age-old debate. The study also highlighted variations among ethnic groups, with Latino men expressing a stronger preference for buttocks compared to other groups. What’s Your Pick? So, does your boyfriend admire your curves from the front or the back? The answer might not be as straightforward as you think. While cultural narratives and media may perpetuate the allure of a well-endowed chest, some studies suggest that more men lean toward an attractive posterior. The Argentinean study, while not definitive, prompts us to reconsider the dynamics of attraction. Whether you’re in a committed relationship or navigating the single life, understanding these preferences might pique your curiosity. The key lies not in conforming to a singular ideal but embracing the diverse ways individuals experience attraction. Buttocks matter to men, and the allure often surpasses that of breasts. For those seeking enhancement, exercise becomes a crucial tool. Unlike breasts, which are mainly fat and glandular tissue, buttocks comprise muscles—specifically, the gluteus maximus. Squats, lunges, and step-ups are recommended exercises to sculpt and enhance the appearance of your derrière. While some may opt for surgical solutions, the journey to a shapelier rear often starts with strength-training exercises. Whether you’re looking to emphasize your curves or embrace your natural beauty, the choice is yours. Beauty standards may shift, but confidence and self-love remain timeless. How then can you acquire a head turner, find out here. At the end, it’s not about conforming to societal ideals; it’s about embracing what makes you feel confident and empowered. So, whether you’re flaunting your curves or toning your muscles, remember that your unique allure extends beyond societal expectations. Written by Fortune Omosola
The attraction that comes with having big butts or breast has been scientifically proven, hopefully this write up can help you see between the cleavage of it.
From time immemorial, the battle between derrières and décolletage has been a subject of fascination. As a matter if fact too, from evolutionary psychology to cultural influences, the human preference for certain physical features in the opposite sex has sparked debates and, of course, some intriguing studies.
A 2013 research project conducted at the University of Buenos Aires in Argentina delved into the age-old question: Butts or breasts? The findings were surprising—59% of heterosexual men expressed a preference for buttocks, while 38.5% leaned toward breasts.
A mere 2% claimed to appreciate both equally. This intriguing revelation sheds light on the complexity of male attraction.
Attractiveness, as explored by adaptive psychological mechanisms, involves factors contributing to reproductive success. Men, wired by evolutionary traits, find various physical characteristics alluring in women. These include youth cues, facial symmetry, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), and, notably, secondary sexual traits like breasts.
Research suggests that breast size can significantly influence male judgments of attractiveness.
Also, a study by Furnham and Swami in 2007 revealed that breast size had a more substantial impact on attractiveness ratings than buttock size, especially when viewed from the side.
While cultural influences play a role, Lynn’s experimental study in 2009 indicated that, at least in an American context, size matters more than shape.
However, the preference for buttocks isn’t a dismissive gesture towards breasts; it simply adds complexity to the age-old debate. The study also highlighted variations among ethnic groups, with Latino men expressing a stronger preference for buttocks compared to other groups.
So, does your boyfriend admire your curves from the front or the back? The answer might not be as straightforward as you think. While cultural narratives and media may perpetuate the allure of a well-endowed chest, some studies suggest that more men lean toward an attractive posterior.
The Argentinean study, while not definitive, prompts us to reconsider the dynamics of attraction. Whether you’re in a committed relationship or navigating the single life, understanding these preferences might pique your curiosity. The key lies not in conforming to a singular ideal but embracing the diverse ways individuals experience attraction.
Buttocks matter to men, and the allure often surpasses that of breasts. For those seeking enhancement, exercise becomes a crucial tool. Unlike breasts, which are mainly fat and glandular tissue, buttocks comprise muscles—specifically, the gluteus maximus. Squats, lunges, and step-ups are recommended exercises to sculpt and enhance the appearance of your derrière.
While some may opt for surgical solutions, the journey to a shapelier rear often starts with strength-training exercises.
Whether you’re looking to emphasize your curves or embrace your natural beauty, the choice is yours. Beauty standards may shift, but confidence and self-love remain timeless.
How then can you acquire a head turner, find out here.
At the end, it’s not about conforming to societal ideals; it’s about embracing what makes you feel confident and empowered.
So, whether you’re flaunting your curves or toning your muscles, remember that your unique allure extends beyond societal expectations.
Wow, this piece of writing is nice, my sister is analyzing these kinds of things, therefore I am going to tell her. Reply
Wow, this piece of writing is nice, my sister is analyzing these kinds of things, therefore I am going to tell her.
Fantastic blog! Do you have any tips and hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own website soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you suggest starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m totally overwhelmed .. Any tips? Thank you! Reply
Fantastic blog! Do you have any tips and hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own website soon but I’m a little lost on everything.
Would you suggest starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m totally overwhelmed .. Any tips? Thank you!
WOW just what I was looking for. Came here by searching for xanex Reply
WOW just what I was looking for. Came here by searching for xanex
Simply want to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity in your post is simply excellent and i can assume you are an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the rewarding work. Reply
Simply want to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity in your post is simply excellent and i can assume you are an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post.
Thanks a million and please keep up the rewarding work.
Wow, this article is good, my younger sister is analyzing these kinds of things, thus I am going to let know her. Reply
Wow, this article is good, my younger sister is analyzing these kinds of things, thus I am going to let know her.
My spouse and I absolutely love your blog and find almost all of your post’s to be what precisely I’m looking for. Would you offer guest writers to write content for yourself? I wouldn’t mind producing a post or elaborating on a number of the subjects you write concerning here. Again, awesome site! Reply
My spouse and I absolutely love your blog and find almost all of your post’s to be what precisely I’m looking for. Would you offer guest writers to write content for yourself? I wouldn’t mind producing a post or elaborating on a number of the subjects you write concerning here. Again, awesome site!
Good day! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates. Reply
Good day! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates.
excellent submit, very informative. I ponder why the other specialists of this sector don’t notice this. You should continue your writing. I am confident, you have a huge readers’ base already! Reply
excellent submit, very informative. I ponder why the other specialists of this sector don’t notice this. You should continue your writing.
I am confident, you have a huge readers’ base already!
Climate changeInformative materialsLifestyleTravelTrendy Akwa Ibom Tops National Cleanliness Ranking for Eighth Year 2 days ago
Akwa Ibom Tops National Cleanliness Ranking for Eighth Year
Lifestyle Headphones and High Volume Driving Early Dementia in Young Nigerians, Neurologist Warns 3 days ago
Headphones and High Volume Driving Early Dementia in Young Nigerians, Neurologist Warns
NewsMotivation Two Liberalist Journalists Shine at 2025 CJID Excellence in Journalism Awards 6 days ago
Two Liberalist Journalists Shine at 2025 CJID Excellence in Journalism Awards
EconomyInformative materials New Nigerian Tax Act Set for 2026: Full List of Penalties for Non-Compliance 1 week ago
New Nigerian Tax Act Set for 2026: Full List of Penalties for Non-Compliance
Informative materialsNews Mercenaries Weaken Our Systems — President Tinubu Warns Africa Against Outsourcing Wars 1 week ago
Mercenaries Weaken Our Systems — President Tinubu Warns Africa Against Outsourcing Wars
Lifestyle Processed Foods Linked to Rising Global Health Risks, Experts Warn After Landmark Review 2 weeks ago
Processed Foods Linked to Rising Global Health Risks, Experts Warn After Landmark Review


--- SOURCE: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22552704/ ---
The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
Create a file for external citation management software
Evolutionary psychologists have been interested in male preferences for particular female traits that are thought to signal health and reproductive potential. While the majority of studies have focused on what makes specific body traits attractive-such as the waist-to-hip ratio, the body mass index, and breasts shape and size-there is little empirical research that has examined individual differences in male preferences for specific traits (e.g., favoring breasts over buttocks). The current study begins to fill this empirical gap. In the first experiment (Study 1), 184 male participants were asked to report their preference between breasts and buttocks on a continuous scale. We found that (1) the distribution of preference was bimodal, indicating that Argentinean males tended to define themselves as favoring breasts or buttocks but rarely thinking that these traits contributed equally to their choice and (2) the distribution was biased towards buttocks. In a second experiment (Study 2), 19 male participants were asked to rate pictures of female breasts and buttocks. This study was necessary to generate three categories of pictures with statistically different ratings (high, medium, and low). In a third experiment (Study 3), we recorded eye-movements of 25 male participants while they chose the more attractive between two women, only seeing their breasts and buttock. We found that the first and last fixations were systematically directed towards the self-reported preferred trait.
Eye-tracking of men's preferences for waist-to-hip ratio and breast size of women. Dixson BJ, Grimshaw GM, Linklater WL, Dixson AF.Dixson BJ, et al.Arch Sex Behav. 2011 Feb;40(1):43-50. doi: 10.1007/s10508-009-9523-5. Epub 2009 Aug 18.Arch Sex Behav. 2011.PMID: 19688590
Eye tracking of men's preferences for female breast size and areola pigmentation. Dixson BJ, Grimshaw GM, Linklater WL, Dixson AF.Dixson BJ, et al.Arch Sex Behav. 2011 Feb;40(1):51-8. doi: 10.1007/s10508-010-9601-8. Epub 2010 Feb 19.Arch Sex Behav. 2011.PMID: 20169468
Drive for thinness and attention toward specific body parts in a nonclinical sample. Hewig J, Cooper S, Trippe RH, Hecht H, Straube T, Miltner WH.Hewig J, et al.Psychosom Med. 2008 Jul;70(6):729-36. doi: 10.1097/PSY.0b013e31817e41d3.Psychosom Med. 2008.PMID: 18606732
The shape of beauty: determinants of female physical attractiveness. Fisher ML, Voracek M.Fisher ML, et al.J Cosmet Dermatol. 2006 Jun;5(2):190-4. doi: 10.1111/j.1473-2165.2006.00249.x.J Cosmet Dermatol. 2006.PMID: 17173598Review.
Female Genitalia and Breasts. Roberts CS.Roberts CS.In: Walker HK, Hall WD, Hurst JW, editors. Clinical Methods: The History, Physical, and Laboratory Examinations. 3rd edition. Boston: Butterworths; 1990.In: Walker HK, Hall WD, Hurst JW, editors. Clinical Methods: The History, Physical, and Laboratory Examinations. 3rd edition. Boston: Butterworths; 1990.PMID: 21250271Free Books & Documents.Review.No abstract available.
Attention Bias and Recognition of Sexual Images. Novák O, Bártová K, Vagenknecht V, Klapilová K.Novák O, et al.Front Psychol. 2020 Nov 2;11:556071. doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2020.556071. eCollection 2020.Front Psychol. 2020.PMID: 33224052Free PMC article.
Attention Bias and Recognition of Sexual Images in Depression. Novák O, Bártová K, Klapilová K.Novák O, et al.Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2021 Aug 23;18(16):8880. doi: 10.3390/ijerph18168880.Int J Environ Res Public Health. 2021.PMID: 34444629Free PMC article.
Secondary Submuscular Gluteal Implant Replacement: The Safe Hybrid Bridge Technique. Colli M, Giordano S, Dondè E, Gennai A.Colli M, et al.J Clin Med. 2025 Jun 25;14(13):4486. doi: 10.3390/jcm14134486.J Clin Med. 2025.PMID: 40648860Free PMC article.
Eye-Tracking Insights into the Perception of Buttocks. Zeng R, Glaue E, Moellhoff N, Alfertshofer M, Cotofana S, Knoedler S, Knoedler L, Wiggenhauser S, Giunta R, Frank K.Zeng R, et al.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2024 Oct;48(19):3936-3944. doi: 10.1007/s00266-024-04257-x. Epub 2024 Jul 29.Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2024.PMID: 39075324
Tendencies Toward Supernormality/Subnormality in Generating Attractive and Unattractive Female and Male Avatars: Gender Differences. Marković S, Bulut T.Marković S, et al.Arch Sex Behav. 2023 Aug;52(6):2317-2336. doi: 10.1007/s10508-023-02575-w. Epub 2023 Mar 30.Arch Sex Behav. 2023.PMID: 36995537
Actions Search in PubMed Search in MeSH Add to Search
The PubMed wordmark and PubMed logo are registered trademarks of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). Unauthorized use of these marks is strictly prohibited.


--- SOURCE: https://emilkirkegaard.dk/en/2024/01/new-study-intelligence-and-group-differences-in-preference-for-breasts-over-buttocks/ ---
Post author:Emil O. W. Kirkegaard Post published:7. January 2024 Post category:Evolutionary Psychology / intelligence / IQ / cognitive ability / Sociology George Francis and I have a new exciting study out, the formal and finalized version of George Francis’ 2022 blogpost: Francis, G., & Kirkegaard, E. O. W. (2023). Intelligence and Group Differences in Preference for Breasts over Buttocks. Mankind Quarterly, 64(2), Article 6. https://doi.org/10.46469/mq.2023.64.2.6 Permanent adipose breasts are unique to humans among primates. We propose that permanent breasts, and a preference for them, are an adaptation for pair bonding and a slow life history strategy. This theory predicts that races with a slower life history strategy will prefer breasts to buttocks. To test our hypothesis, we predict preferences for breasts over buttocks from racial admixture and both national and regional average IQ, which we use as an indicator of differences in life history. Measures of Breast-Buttock preference are constructed for nations and subnational regions using the relative frequencies of internet searches on Google, Pornhub and YouPorn for terms related to breasts versus those related to buttocks. Average IQ correlates with Breast-Buttock preference at the national level (r = .76, p < .001), within regions of American countries (r = .85, p < .001), US States (r = .54, p < .001) and US Metro areas (r = .57, p < .001). Controlling for racial ancestry substantially moderated the effect size of intelligence. We consistently found African ancestry to negatively predict breast preference: across countries (r = −.80, p < .001), within US states (r = −.91, p < .001), and US Metro areas (r = −.91, p < .001). These results replicated when using Spanish language search terms within Spanish-speaking countries, suggesting our findings are not peculiar to the English language. Only for US Metro areas did we find a significant effect size for socioeconomic controls. Keywords: Sex, Breasts, Intelligence, Life history, Race, Ethnicity We sought to throw some light on the mystery of human male sexuality preferences for female body features, specifically breasts and butts. Unlike humans, most animals do not have permanently enlarged breasts: Human females are the only primates with permanent adipose breasts. In other primates, the breasts only develop during pregnancy for the purpose of breastfeeding. There have been many theories for the evolution of perennial breasts in humans including thermoregulation, as a fat source akin to a camel’s hump, and as an adaptation to bipedalism (Pawłowski & Żelaźniewicz, 2021). Currently, however, there is no agreed upon explanation for why humans evolved this trait. For a comprehensive review of the literature see Pawłowski and Żelaźniewicz Pawłowski & Żelaźniewicz (2021). Although the origins of human breasts are uncertain, it is clear that they currently play the role of a secondary sexual characteristic, developing through puberty and being arousing to the male members of the species. A particular challenge for any sexual explanation of the evolution of breasts is that the cues created by enlarged breasts may have been unattractive to our ancestors. In other primates, enlarged breasts signal being pregnant, or breast feeding infants and possibly having a male partner. During pregnancy it is near impossible to have another conception (Roellig et al., 2011) and females also face temporary infertility during breast feeding, a phenomenon known as “lactational amenorrhea”. A primate attracted to large breasts not only faces the risk of hostility from another male, but also receives few benefits from any resulting copulation. That breasts have evolved as a secondary sexual characteristic, despite possibly signalling sexually unattractive qualities in our ancestors, is a problem we term the “breast paradox”. Pawłowski & Żelaźniewicz (2021, p. 7) refer to this issue as “the key problem” to sexual explanations of the origins of permanent breasts. In essence, evolutionary considerations posit that men should dislike breasts, and yet they like them. And some like them more than others. I have already been involved in some survey research on this topic, which resulted in a study coauthored with the ever-productive Ed Dutton: Gentle-men prefer faces: Intelligence, life history strategy, and sexual preference for attractive faces over attractive breasts, buttocks, and legs: We utilised data from the OkCupid dating site to study preferences for body parts in attraction judgements. We found that most people (71%) have a stated preference for faces, with non-Europeans finding other parts more important: lower parts (“butt/legs”; 8%), chest (“chest/breasts”; 3%), and Other (18%). We regressed these preferences on likely causal variables. We found that slower life history speed, female sex, and higher intelligence predict preference for faces and negatively for buttocks/legs/chest, replicating previous research. We further found that most non-European ethnicities have a stronger preference for buttocks and legs, in particular Africans, Hispanics, and Amerindians (Native Americans). We explored how these patterns may help to explain cultural differences in mating display for different body parts and how they may be explicable in evolutionary terms. In our new study, we sought to examine these relationships at the national and subnational level (e.g. US states) using internet-based data. The key idea here is that men (and some women) who are interested in breasts will search for these on Google or Pornhub (the largest pornography website), and the same is true for men who are interested in butts. While the overall search count may reflect many things — most obviously, the availability of easy internet access and lack of nudity filters — the relative proportion of searches will provide insight into men’s relative preferences for breasts and butts in a given location. Thus, we get metrics such as these: To make sure the data were valid, we first checked whether the Google searches and the Pornhub data correlated well: The correlation turns out to be .91, which is astonishingly good for such data. We still see some odd outliers for Asian countries. For example, in Hong Kong, men are among the most interested in breasts according to Pornhub data, but according to Google searches, they are not much different from Europeans. Looking at the figure, we can also see that poor, mostly African countries tend to be much more interested in butts than breasts. To clarify this relationship, we plotted the data with national intelligence: Aside from the oddity of some of the Asian countries in the Pornhub dataset, there is quite a strong correlation indicating that countries more interested, collectively, in breasts have higher intelligence. We also confirmed the African vs. non-African split in the data. True to stereotypes, Africans were much more interested in butts than breasts relative to other humans. This mirrors our findings from the sex worker survey study (also with George Francis): Sex workers clearly perceive African clients to be more interested in butts. Mind you, these are American sex workers, so they are working with African American men mainly. Our international data thus show that these preferences are consistent across locations. Africans are relatively more interested in butts whether they reside in the USA or in Africa. Thus, this provides another example of the spatial stability of human psychological differences. But one thing is neat plots — what about the regression results? How do the predictors of breast-butt preference fare when they are competing in a model? Here we are using the national data, so with a sample size of up to 193 nations, depending on data availability. Overall, we find that national intelligence and African ancestry (proportion of population’s genetic ancestry, as proxied by international migration data) predict preference for breasts and butts in opposite directions. Southeast Asians also seem to have some residual pro-breast proclivities, perhaps due to Indo-European admixture, in part for India at least. Looking within large countries, we find similar results: Using estimates of regional average intelligence based on various datasets (see the 2016 Admixture in the Americas meta-analysis), we find that intelligence still predicts preference for breasts over butts. In other words, these differences cannot just be due to national cultural differences, as they exist within countries too. We can thus also model the data at the sub-national level, yielding a dataset about equally large to the international one. Here we find the same pattern of results, namely, that intelligence predicts preference for breasts, and African ancestry predicts preference for butts. Interestingly, the overall level of development or wealth of a country didn’t predict anything in the presence of these other variables (S = Socioeconomic factor). Some of the countries used in the above study speak Spanish, not English. So a nice validation of our approach is whether the results still work when we use some of the Spanish terms instead: We find that it does, though not as strongly. This is perhaps because we didn’t use a sufficient amount or the right Spanish terms. I will let the reader know here, that, yes, we did consult experts in Spanish sexual slang. There are not as many Africans or African-admixed peoples in the large Spanish speaking countries, but we still see the African ancestry effect here. Since many people are interested, we also looked at the US subnational data in some detail. First, US states: Indeed, among US states, the less intelligent ones are populated by people who are more interested in butts. However, this pattern is almost entirely due to the African proportions of the states, as there is an amazing correlation of .91 between African (Black) population share and the interest in butts over breasts. However, maybe US states are weird. Many analyses have been done on US states with misleading results due to the “Modifiable areal unit problem” (meaning that state boundaries are somewhat arbitrary and could have been done differently, which might impact results). For this reason, we also explored the metro-level data, that is, data for the largest urban areas: Yet when using metro-level data, we obtain very similar results. In fact, the 208 metros produced almost as strong a correlation between breast-butt preference and African proportion as did the state data, r = .82. One mystery, however, is that among US metro areas, intelligence no longer predicted this preference, while demographics kept predicting it. Also strange was the finding that Asian proportion predicted preference for butts over breasts, opposite of the international data. This suggests some kind of confounding factor, e.g. Asians living in more degenerate or sexually liberated places (choose your own description!) Even the relative amount of development of the metros predicted breast preference. This inconsistency between the international and US metro data is somewhat mysterious. Perhaps one needs to add fixed effects of states, or political ideology (vote shares). Given this pattern of results, we might speculate on the causes: We have found intelligence to be associated with Breast-Buttock preference at the aggregate level. This was consistent with our theory that a preference for breasts is indicative of a slow life history strategy, assuming the average intelligence of human groups is an indicator for life history strategy. The finding was robust to controls for GDP and socioeconomic success. We found a significant effect size for the socioeconomic factor only in the US Metro analysis. Given that this results was only found in this analysis, we suggest economic prosperity is unlikely to cause breast or buttock preference. We suggested that cognitive ability would be correlated with breast preference, but would not cause. Instead, intelligence is likely confounded with life history strategy, which we believe may be causing racial differences in breast preference. Controlling for variables measuring racial ancestry reduced the effect size of intelligence, consistent with our theory. Nevertheless, in many of our analyses cognitive ability still predicted Breast-Buttock preference after controls. This may have been due to the imprecision of our estimates for ancestry making them imperfect controls. Our work leaves open the possibility that intelligence has a causal effect on Breast-Buttock preference. Whether intelligence causes Breast-Buttock preference may be resolved by studying individuals rather than groups. If brighter individuals do not prefer breasts to buttocks more than their less intelligent compatriots from the same ancestry, this would further strengthen our suggestion that intelligence does not cause these preferences. However, if life history theory is valid for individual differences, we might still expect intelligence to be confounded with life history differences within groups. It may also be possible to test whether individual differences in life history causes variation in Breast-Buttock preference. However, it is debated whether life history theory applies meaningfully within groups (Giudice, 2020; of Menie et al., 2021; Zietsch & Sidari, 2020). In other words, intelligence levels may simply be proxying the harder-to-measure differences in life history speed. If this is the case, perhaps we should also see historical changes towards short-term mating interest: If we squint a bit, we can see that the interest in “ass” has eclipsed interest in “breasts” in recent years, insofar as American English books are concerned. Due to the availability of many synonyms for these features, this analysis would require more work. An exciting avenue for future research. Conclusions Using international and subnational comparisons across English and Spanish and two different sources of search interest, we find that Africans are more interested in butts and more intelligent people are more interested in breasts. The African butt interest pattern was found when using international data (many native languages), English inside the USA, and Spanish in Latin American countries. Thus, they are hard to explain away, especially when combined with our prior survey research. The various results don’t really explain the big conundrum of why humans evolved permanently enlarged breasts, though. In fact, it gets more mysterious. For instance, East Asians appear very breast-focused but they have quite small breasts. Somehow evolution did not provide what many Asian men long for (but anime did). It’s hard to see this being the result of some kind of energy constraint, though it is true that Asians are also short, while Asian women prefer taller men. The rise in butt interest in recent decades could be seen as consistent with moral decay, but the timeline doesn’t fit that well, as the big spike in “ass” in American English books dates back only to the 1990s, not to the 1960s cultural revolution. In fact, mentions of “breasts” start increasing around 1975. Why? I don’t know. We might also wonder why the old books from the 1800s had a relatively higher rate of mentioning these topics than modern books pre-1980. Our future research will look into the psychological predictors of interest in various body features and other sexual interests. I’m sure the results will be interesting. Tags: African, ass, boobs, breasts, buttocks, international, life history, national intelligence, sexuality You Might Also Like Cold winter theory in non-human animals 18. February 2017 Researcher degrees of freedom as sensitivity analysis 3. October 2015 New paper out: Filling in the Gaps: The Association between Intelligence and Both Color and Parent-Reported Ancestry in the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1997 25. May 2019
Post category:Evolutionary Psychology / intelligence / IQ / cognitive ability / Sociology
George Francis and I have a new exciting study out, the formal and finalized version of George Francis’ 2022 blogpost:
Francis, G., & Kirkegaard, E. O. W. (2023). Intelligence and Group Differences in Preference for Breasts over Buttocks. Mankind Quarterly, 64(2), Article 6. https://doi.org/10.46469/mq.2023.64.2.6
Permanent adipose breasts are unique to humans among primates. We propose that permanent breasts, and a preference for them, are an adaptation for pair bonding and a slow life history strategy. This theory predicts that races with a slower life history strategy will prefer breasts to buttocks. To test our hypothesis, we predict preferences for breasts over buttocks from racial admixture and both national and regional average IQ, which we use as an indicator of differences in life history. Measures of Breast-Buttock preference are constructed for nations and subnational regions using the relative frequencies of internet searches on Google, Pornhub and YouPorn for terms related to breasts versus those related to buttocks. Average IQ correlates with Breast-Buttock preference at the national level (r = .76, p < .001), within regions of American countries (r = .85, p < .001), US States (r = .54, p < .001) and US Metro areas (r = .57, p < .001). Controlling for racial ancestry substantially moderated the effect size of intelligence. We consistently found African ancestry to negatively predict breast preference: across countries (r = −.80, p < .001), within US states (r = −.91, p < .001), and US Metro areas (r = −.91, p < .001). These results replicated when using Spanish language search terms within Spanish-speaking countries, suggesting our findings are not peculiar to the English language. Only for US Metro areas did we find a significant effect size for socioeconomic controls.
Keywords: Sex, Breasts, Intelligence, Life history, Race, Ethnicity
We sought to throw some light on the mystery of human male sexuality preferences for female body features, specifically breasts and butts. Unlike humans, most animals do not have permanently enlarged breasts:
Human females are the only primates with permanent adipose breasts. In other primates, the breasts only develop during pregnancy for the purpose of breastfeeding. There have been many theories for the evolution of perennial breasts in humans including thermoregulation, as a fat source akin to a camel’s hump, and as an adaptation to bipedalism (Pawłowski & Żelaźniewicz, 2021). Currently, however, there is no agreed upon explanation for why humans evolved this trait. For a comprehensive review of the literature see Pawłowski and Żelaźniewicz Pawłowski & Żelaźniewicz (2021). Although the origins of human breasts are uncertain, it is clear that they currently play the role of a secondary sexual characteristic, developing through puberty and being arousing to the male members of the species.
A particular challenge for any sexual explanation of the evolution of breasts is that the cues created by enlarged breasts may have been unattractive to our ancestors. In other primates, enlarged breasts signal being pregnant, or breast feeding infants and possibly having a male partner. During pregnancy it is near impossible to have another conception (Roellig et al., 2011) and females also face temporary infertility during breast feeding, a phenomenon known as “lactational amenorrhea”. A primate attracted to large breasts not only faces the risk of hostility from another male, but also receives few benefits from any resulting copulation. That breasts have evolved as a secondary sexual characteristic, despite possibly signalling sexually unattractive qualities in our ancestors, is a problem we term the “breast paradox”. Pawłowski & Żelaźniewicz (2021, p. 7) refer to this issue as “the key problem” to sexual explanations of the origins of permanent breasts.
In essence, evolutionary considerations posit that men should dislike breasts, and yet they like them. And some like them more than others. I have already been involved in some survey research on this topic, which resulted in a study coauthored with the ever-productive Ed Dutton: Gentle-men prefer faces: Intelligence, life history strategy, and sexual preference for attractive faces over attractive breasts, buttocks, and legs:
We utilised data from the OkCupid dating site to study preferences for body parts in attraction judgements. We found that most people (71%) have a stated preference for faces, with non-Europeans finding other parts more important: lower parts (“butt/legs”; 8%), chest (“chest/breasts”; 3%), and Other (18%). We regressed these preferences on likely causal variables. We found that slower life history speed, female sex, and higher intelligence predict preference for faces and negatively for buttocks/legs/chest, replicating previous research. We further found that most non-European ethnicities have a stronger preference for buttocks and legs, in particular Africans, Hispanics, and Amerindians (Native Americans). We explored how these patterns may help to explain cultural differences in mating display for different body parts and how they may be explicable in evolutionary terms.
In our new study, we sought to examine these relationships at the national and subnational level (e.g. US states) using internet-based data. The key idea here is that men (and some women) who are interested in breasts will search for these on Google or Pornhub (the largest pornography website), and the same is true for men who are interested in butts. While the overall search count may reflect many things — most obviously, the availability of easy internet access and lack of nudity filters — the relative proportion of searches will provide insight into men’s relative preferences for breasts and butts in a given location. Thus, we get metrics such as these:
To make sure the data were valid, we first checked whether the Google searches and the Pornhub data correlated well:
The correlation turns out to be .91, which is astonishingly good for such data. We still see some odd outliers for Asian countries. For example, in Hong Kong, men are among the most interested in breasts according to Pornhub data, but according to Google searches, they are not much different from Europeans.
Looking at the figure, we can also see that poor, mostly African countries tend to be much more interested in butts than breasts. To clarify this relationship, we plotted the data with national intelligence:
Aside from the oddity of some of the Asian countries in the Pornhub dataset, there is quite a strong correlation indicating that countries more interested, collectively, in breasts have higher intelligence.
We also confirmed the African vs. non-African split in the data. True to stereotypes, Africans were much more interested in butts than breasts relative to other humans. This mirrors our findings from the sex worker survey study (also with George Francis):
Sex workers clearly perceive African clients to be more interested in butts. Mind you, these are American sex workers, so they are working with African American men mainly. Our international data thus show that these preferences are consistent across locations. Africans are relatively more interested in butts whether they reside in the USA or in Africa. Thus, this provides another example of the spatial stability of human psychological differences.
But one thing is neat plots — what about the regression results? How do the predictors of breast-butt preference fare when they are competing in a model?
Here we are using the national data, so with a sample size of up to 193 nations, depending on data availability. Overall, we find that national intelligence and African ancestry (proportion of population’s genetic ancestry, as proxied by international migration data) predict preference for breasts and butts in opposite directions. Southeast Asians also seem to have some residual pro-breast proclivities, perhaps due to Indo-European admixture, in part for India at least.
Looking within large countries, we find similar results:
Using estimates of regional average intelligence based on various datasets (see the 2016 Admixture in the Americas meta-analysis), we find that intelligence still predicts preference for breasts over butts. In other words, these differences cannot just be due to national cultural differences, as they exist within countries too.
We can thus also model the data at the sub-national level, yielding a dataset about equally large to the international one. Here we find the same pattern of results, namely, that intelligence predicts preference for breasts, and African ancestry predicts preference for butts. Interestingly, the overall level of development or wealth of a country didn’t predict anything in the presence of these other variables (S = Socioeconomic factor).
Some of the countries used in the above study speak Spanish, not English. So a nice validation of our approach is whether the results still work when we use some of the Spanish terms instead:
We find that it does, though not as strongly. This is perhaps because we didn’t use a sufficient amount or the right Spanish terms. I will let the reader know here, that, yes, we did consult experts in Spanish sexual slang.
There are not as many Africans or African-admixed peoples in the large Spanish speaking countries, but we still see the African ancestry effect here.
Since many people are interested, we also looked at the US subnational data in some detail. First, US states:
Indeed, among US states, the less intelligent ones are populated by people who are more interested in butts.
However, this pattern is almost entirely due to the African proportions of the states, as there is an amazing correlation of .91 between African (Black) population share and the interest in butts over breasts.
However, maybe US states are weird. Many analyses have been done on US states with misleading results due to the “Modifiable areal unit problem” (meaning that state boundaries are somewhat arbitrary and could have been done differently, which might impact results). For this reason, we also explored the metro-level data, that is, data for the largest urban areas:
Yet when using metro-level data, we obtain very similar results.
In fact, the 208 metros produced almost as strong a correlation between breast-butt preference and African proportion as did the state data, r = .82.
One mystery, however, is that among US metro areas, intelligence no longer predicted this preference, while demographics kept predicting it. Also strange was the finding that Asian proportion predicted preference for butts over breasts, opposite of the international data. This suggests some kind of confounding factor, e.g. Asians living in more degenerate or sexually liberated places (choose your own description!) Even the relative amount of development of the metros predicted breast preference. This inconsistency between the international and US metro data is somewhat mysterious. Perhaps one needs to add fixed effects of states, or political ideology (vote shares).
Given this pattern of results, we might speculate on the causes:
We have found intelligence to be associated with Breast-Buttock preference at the aggregate level. This was consistent with our theory that a preference for breasts is indicative of a slow life history strategy, assuming the average intelligence of human groups is an indicator for life history strategy. The finding was robust to controls for GDP and socioeconomic success. We found a significant effect size for the socioeconomic factor only in the US Metro analysis. Given that this results was only found in this analysis, we suggest economic prosperity is unlikely to cause breast or buttock preference.
We suggested that cognitive ability would be correlated with breast preference, but would not cause. Instead, intelligence is likely confounded with life history strategy, which we believe may be causing racial differences in breast preference. Controlling for variables measuring racial ancestry reduced the effect size of intelligence, consistent with our theory. Nevertheless, in many of our analyses cognitive ability still predicted Breast-Buttock preference after controls. This may have been due to the imprecision of our estimates for ancestry making them imperfect controls. Our work leaves open the possibility that intelligence has a causal effect on Breast-Buttock preference.
Whether intelligence causes Breast-Buttock preference may be resolved by studying individuals rather than groups. If brighter individuals do not prefer breasts to buttocks more than their less intelligent compatriots from the same ancestry, this would further strengthen our suggestion that intelligence does not cause these preferences. However, if life history theory is valid for individual differences, we might still expect intelligence to be confounded with life history differences within groups. It may also be possible to test whether individual differences in life history causes variation in Breast-Buttock preference. However, it is debated whether life history theory applies meaningfully within groups (Giudice, 2020; of Menie et al., 2021; Zietsch & Sidari, 2020).
In other words, intelligence levels may simply be proxying the harder-to-measure differences in life history speed. If this is the case, perhaps we should also see historical changes towards short-term mating interest:
If we squint a bit, we can see that the interest in “ass” has eclipsed interest in “breasts” in recent years, insofar as American English books are concerned. Due to the availability of many synonyms for these features, this analysis would require more work. An exciting avenue for future research.
Using international and subnational comparisons across English and Spanish and two different sources of search interest, we find that Africans are more interested in butts and more intelligent people are more interested in breasts. The African butt interest pattern was found when using international data (many native languages), English inside the USA, and Spanish in Latin American countries. Thus, they are hard to explain away, especially when combined with our prior survey research.
The various results don’t really explain the big conundrum of why humans evolved permanently enlarged breasts, though. In fact, it gets more mysterious. For instance, East Asians appear very breast-focused but they have quite small breasts. Somehow evolution did not provide what many Asian men long for (but anime did). It’s hard to see this being the result of some kind of energy constraint, though it is true that Asians are also short, while Asian women prefer taller men.
The rise in butt interest in recent decades could be seen as consistent with moral decay, but the timeline doesn’t fit that well, as the big spike in “ass” in American English books dates back only to the 1990s, not to the 1960s cultural revolution. In fact, mentions of “breasts” start increasing around 1975. Why? I don’t know. We might also wonder why the old books from the 1800s had a relatively higher rate of mentioning these topics than modern books pre-1980.
Our future research will look into the psychological predictors of interest in various body features and other sexual interests. I’m sure the results will be interesting.
Cold winter theory in non-human animals 18. February 2017
Researcher degrees of freedom as sensitivity analysis 3. October 2015
Researcher degrees of freedom as sensitivity analysis
New paper out: Filling in the Gaps: The Association between Intelligence and Both Color and Parent-Reported Ancestry in the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1997 25. May 2019
New paper out: Filling in the Gaps: The Association between Intelligence and Both Color and Parent-Reported Ancestry in the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1997


--- SOURCE: https://philosophieblog.substack.com/p/sophies-choice-boobs-or-butt-survey ---
Discover more from PhiloSophieLike if the town succubus suddenly began lecturing you on philosophy Already have an account? Sign inSophie's Choice: Boobs or Butt - Survey Results!What do men's sexual preferences for female body parts say about their personality and political orientation?SophieJan 13, 2025A month ago, I set out to settle the age-old debate once and for all— what do men’s sexual preferences for female body parts say about their personality and political beliefs?After reading all my comments filled with some pretty interesting theories, I created a survey with over 30 question (see the questions here) and received over 1000 survey participants (thank you)! Though the primary focus of this endeavor was the relationship between body-part preference and political orientation, I also threw in questions relating to demographic information, sexual preferences, Big-5 personality scores, religion, math skills, and even anime (plus more). To skip to brass tacks, the results were pretty underwhelming from a research standpoint, but potentially optimistic from a human standpoint.To start, here was the distribution of political orientation in my sample. As you can see, the distribution between left and right was pretty evenly normally distributed. And here is the distribution for body part preference, with our two main players, as expected, receiving the largest amount of votes. Though there was a slight preference for boobs, it did not prove to be statistically significant. After, I took a look at body-part preference by political orientation, and there were no statistically significant correlations between preference and politics. This heatmap shows the contingencies for each group. All in all, no meaningful correlations were found between any of the dimensions surveyed. Even things that I was sure would be tied together, such as a proclivity towards a mommy kink and preference for breasts proved unrelated. And no matter how annoying we all find Walt Bismarck, there was no correlation between men who chose feet and any alarming personality traits. Though to be fair, in a sample of over 1000 people, only around 9 or so selected this option, and perhaps that speaks for itself. Takeaway:Though objectifying men based on the body part that they use to objectify us may seem like a useful heuristical shorthand, my research shows that there would be no evidence-based way to do this, and if you want to learn something about a guy’s character, unfortunately you’ll just have to get to know him better. With twitter discourse over the past year (largely thanks to Richard Hanania) arguing the merits of the “aristocratic elegance of the small-breasted woman versus the Nietzschean pro-sex, pro-beauty large-breasted woman” versus the “evolutionarily superior, David Buss-backed, large-buttocksed woman”, and the subsequent psychologies of the men attracted to them, I think we can put the debate to bed once and for all. Perhaps there once was a simpler time where such typologies could reasonably exist, but our understanding of both politics and sexuality have become far too nuanced and convoluted, so gone are the days of decent men who are fiscally ass-men yet, socially boob-guys. The good news is that if you’re a woman, regardless of where your assets lie, you will be equally likely to find a guy who will appreciate them no matter your political or personality preferences.And now that this has been settled, let’s all get back to arguing over what’s really important— should we allow women to vote?Subscribe for more surveys!89 Likes∙11 Restacks
Sophie's Choice: Boobs or Butt - Survey Results!
What do men's sexual preferences for female body parts say about their personality and political orientation?
A month ago, I set out to settle the age-old debate once and for all— what do men’s sexual preferences for female body parts say about their personality and political beliefs?
After reading all my comments filled with some pretty interesting theories, I created a survey with over 30 question (see the questions here) and received over 1000 survey participants (thank you)!
Though the primary focus of this endeavor was the relationship between body-part preference and political orientation, I also threw in questions relating to demographic information, sexual preferences, Big-5 personality scores, religion, math skills, and even anime (plus more).
To skip to brass tacks, the results were pretty underwhelming from a research standpoint, but potentially optimistic from a human standpoint.
To start, here was the distribution of political orientation in my sample. As you can see, the distribution between left and right was pretty evenly normally distributed.
And here is the distribution for body part preference, with our two main players, as expected, receiving the largest amount of votes. Though there was a slight preference for boobs, it did not prove to be statistically significant.
After, I took a look at body-part preference by political orientation, and there were no statistically significant correlations between preference and politics.
This heatmap shows the contingencies for each group.
All in all, no meaningful correlations were found between any of the dimensions surveyed. Even things that I was sure would be tied together, such as a proclivity towards a mommy kink and preference for breasts proved unrelated.
And no matter how annoying we all find Walt Bismarck, there was no correlation between men who chose feet and any alarming personality traits. Though to be fair, in a sample of over 1000 people, only around 9 or so selected this option, and perhaps that speaks for itself.
Though objectifying men based on the body part that they use to objectify us may seem like a useful heuristical shorthand, my research shows that there would be no evidence-based way to do this, and if you want to learn something about a guy’s character, unfortunately you’ll just have to get to know him better.
With twitter discourse over the past year (largely thanks to
Perhaps there once was a simpler time where such typologies could reasonably exist, but our understanding of both politics and sexuality have become far too nuanced and convoluted, so gone are the days of decent men who are fiscally ass-men yet, socially boob-guys.
The good news is that if you’re a woman, regardless of where your assets lie, you will be equally likely to find a guy who will appreciate them no matter your political or personality preferences.
And now that this has been settled, let’s all get back to arguing over what’s really important— should we allow women to vote?
Something I find much more interested than the distribution of preferences themselves:
The strong instinct for people across the spectrum to evangelize about their preference! Skinny girl guys can't STAND that there are men on the internet who actually prefer a BMI in the 24-28 range and must visciously shame them and enforce what they see as the norm and vice versa.
Why the hell would anyone WANT every body to be attracted to the same things as them and compete with them for it? It makes no sense to me.
It looks like guys on the left were a lot more likely to prefer genitals, and men on the right to prefer feet. Which is odd.
Is there even such thing as a female with a foot fetish or is that an entirely male thing? Very hard to imagine any women liking male feet. My husband literally has the ugliest giant ogre feet I've ever seen, so thankfully I don't care about such things!
Also did you ask about age? Bc I feel like older guys would be more into boobs since pre-2000s everything was about big boobs and small butts, and that kind of reversed the past 20 years. Most playmates and models in the 90s and before had flat asses.


--- SOURCE: https://biobalancehealth.com/men-perceive-look-tells-us-men/ ---
Home » What Men Perceive When They Look at Them and What That Tells Us About Men.
What Men Perceive When They Look at Them and What That Tells Us About Men. Posted on February 12, 2018 The way a man perceives (considers) female breasts in terms of attractiveness may be driven by his wealth, his social standing, and his overall level of hunger. As you may know, Dr. Maupin recently opened a medical spa. Both men and women come to this spa for treatments that are designed to remove the signs of aging: skin sag, loss of facial fat, body fat redistribution and wrinkles. Both her medical spa BioBalance Skin, and her anti-aging medical practice, promotes healthy living, exercise, ideal weight and “body beautiful”. As part of the discussion that has arisen from clients who come to the spa we have focused on research regarding women’s breast size and shape. Though Dr. Maupin and her staff do not deal with breast enlargement or reduction, they are knowledgeable regarding issues surrounding women’s concerns about breast size. Part of what women are concerned about is how men regard their bodies and that includes breast size. We have gathered research focusing on what we can learn about men’s obsession with breasts and their preference for breasts of one size over another, more because of what it tells us about individual men, than what women should aspire to. We found two articles in particular, one from a scientific journal, the Archives of Sexual Behavior, 6 October, 2011, and a Journal called Fatherly, December 7, 2017. Interestingly enough, both articles emphasized some of the same results. One was more scholarly and scientific and one was more tongue -n-cheek, yet they both referenced much of the same data. Both articles base the modern-day preferences on the basic breeding strategies of the species: Women who appear to be the most fertile (large breasts) are the most attractive to the men from the part of the population who need to move ahead, or compete better, over the richest and most advantaged men. Fertility wins the species competition over wealth and plenty! Here are some of the points that both articles emphasize: The way a man perceives (considers) female breasts in terms of attractiveness may be driven by his wealth, his social standing, and his overall level of hunger. The general rumor that men prefer medium to large breasts tends to be true globally, but preferences may vary depending on breeding strategies for men seeking a mate. The wealthier you are in western society the less you are driven to seek out large breasted women as mates Attractiveness is judged my means of adaptive psychological mechanisms that have evolved to identify prospective mates who will increase reproductive success above random selection Men are attracted to a number of physical characteristics in women, including: youth cues, face shape, overall symmetry, waist to hip ration and distribution of fat reserves. (mostly visual cues recognized as markers of female fertility and good genes) Men are more influenced by breast size than buttock size. Men in developing societies and working class backgrounds have a preference for plumper women Men with long term mating strategies tend to seek durable, high-investment relationships. They value not only reproductive potential and physical attractiveness, but also non-physical traits like interpersonal responsiveness loyalty chastity commitment and parental skills. Both studies reference a SOI R inventory, standing for sociosexual orientation inventory, revised. Primarily those men labeled as restricted tend to seek monogamous long- term partners. Those identified as unrestricted tend to be open to random mating encounters Sexually unrestricted men tend to focus more on looks and are more sensitive to female facial cueing. In summary, it may be safe to say that men tend to prefer women with larger breasts (generally medium to large), but not the largest. These are the reasons why: There are a few reasons why large female breasts should be perceived as attractive. Large, developed, nulliparous breasts may signal female sexual maturity and fecundity to men (Sugiyama, 2005). It has been shown that women with low WHR and large breasts have higher mean and mid-cycle estradiol levels than other women. Also, regardless of WHR, estradiol level is higher in women with larger breasts than in women with smaller ones One should consider the strategy of the male and the ultimate goal. Is he looking for a wife and mother who will be nurturing, healthy, socially responsive and attractive (with a good personality) or is he looking for a way to score a sexual encounter and enhance his satisfaction level and reputation? If you know a man’s strategy and his socioeconomic status you can make an educated guess regarding either his long term desire or his short term goal and whether he considers himself to have already won the wealth battle so he regards fertility as less important or whether he is scrambling to the top of the societal ladder by attracting a very fertile woman to help his offspring become the next adults to succeed and achieve societies upper crust. This Health cast was written and presented by Dr. Kathy Maupin, M.D., Bio-identical Hormone Replacement Expert and Author, with Brett Newcomb, MA., LPC., Family Counselor, Presenter and Author. www.BioBalanceHealth.com. Related Post: Lack of Libido Andropause and Loss of Sex Drive (Libido) Symptoms of Hormone Imbalance Part 1 ← Previous Post Next Post →
What Men Perceive When They Look at Them and What That Tells Us About Men.
The way a man perceives (considers) female breasts in terms of attractiveness may be driven by his wealth, his social standing, and his overall level of hunger.
As you may know, Dr. Maupin recently opened a medical spa. Both men and women come to this spa for treatments that are designed to remove the signs of aging: skin sag, loss of facial fat, body fat redistribution and wrinkles. Both her medical spa BioBalance Skin, and her anti-aging medical practice, promotes healthy living, exercise, ideal weight and “body beautiful”.
As part of the discussion that has arisen from clients who come to the spa we have focused on research regarding women’s breast size and shape. Though Dr. Maupin and her staff do not deal with breast enlargement or reduction, they are knowledgeable regarding issues surrounding women’s concerns about breast size.
Part of what women are concerned about is how men regard their bodies and that includes breast size.
We have gathered research focusing on what we can learn about men’s obsession with breasts and their preference for breasts of one size over another, more because of what it tells us about individual men, than what women should aspire to. We found two articles in particular, one from a scientific journal, the Archives of Sexual Behavior, 6 October, 2011, and a Journal called Fatherly, December 7, 2017.
Interestingly enough, both articles emphasized some of the same results. One was more scholarly and scientific and one was more tongue -n-cheek, yet they both referenced much of the same data. Both articles base the modern-day preferences on the basic breeding strategies of the species: Women who appear to be the most fertile (large breasts) are the most attractive to the men from the part of the population who need to move ahead, or compete better, over the richest and most advantaged men. Fertility wins the species competition over wealth and plenty!
Here are some of the points that both articles emphasize:
The general rumor that men prefer medium to large breasts tends to be true globally, but preferences may vary depending on breeding strategies for men seeking a mate.
The wealthier you are in western society the less you are driven to seek out large breasted women as mates
Attractiveness is judged my means of adaptive psychological mechanisms that have evolved to identify prospective mates who will increase reproductive success above random selection
Men are attracted to a number of physical characteristics in women, including: youth cues, face shape, overall symmetry, waist to hip ration and distribution of fat reserves. (mostly visual cues recognized as markers of female fertility and good genes)
Men are more influenced by breast size than buttock size.
Men in developing societies and working class backgrounds have a preference for plumper women
Men with long term mating strategies tend to seek durable, high-investment relationships. They value not only reproductive potential and physical attractiveness, but also non-physical traits like interpersonal responsiveness loyalty chastity commitment and parental skills.
Both studies reference a SOI R inventory, standing for sociosexual orientation inventory, revised. Primarily those men labeled as restricted tend to seek monogamous long- term partners. Those identified as unrestricted tend to be open to random mating encounters
Sexually unrestricted men tend to focus more on looks and are more sensitive to female facial cueing.
In summary, it may be safe to say that men tend to prefer women with larger breasts (generally medium to large), but not the largest. These are the reasons why:
There are a few reasons why large female breasts should be perceived as attractive. Large, developed, nulliparous breasts may signal female sexual maturity and fecundity to men (Sugiyama, 2005). It has been shown that women with low WHR and large breasts have higher mean and mid-cycle estradiol levels than other women. Also, regardless of WHR, estradiol level is higher in women with larger breasts than in women with smaller ones
One should consider the strategy of the male and the ultimate goal. Is he looking for a wife and mother who will be nurturing, healthy, socially responsive and attractive (with a good personality) or is he looking for a way to score a sexual encounter and enhance his satisfaction level and reputation?
If you know a man’s strategy and his socioeconomic status you can make an educated guess regarding either his long term desire or his short term goal and whether he considers himself to have already won the wealth battle so he regards fertility as less important or whether he is scrambling to the top of the societal ladder by attracting a very fertile woman to help his offspring become the next adults to succeed and achieve societies upper crust.
This Health cast was written and presented by Dr. Kathy Maupin, M.D., Bio-identical Hormone Replacement Expert and Author, with Brett Newcomb, MA., LPC., Family Counselor, Presenter and Author. www.BioBalanceHealth.com.
Andropause and Loss of Sex Drive (Libido)

