
--- SOURCE: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/03/business/dealbook/erika-kirk-turning-point-usa-trump-republicans.html ---
AdvertisementSKIP ADVERTISEMENTErika Kirk shared her vision on Wednesday for the right-wing political organization Turning Point USA founded by her husband, the slain conservative activist Charlie Kirk, casting a diplomatic tone that underscored her elevated role as the group’s new leader.Speaking at the DealBook Summit in New York, Ms. Kirk said her pain at losing Mr. Kirk had “morphed into a form of purpose that you see will outlive you,” and that realization offered her comfort.“It puts into perspective that this isn’t about me, this isn’t about my life, this is about the legacy my husband left behind,” Ms. Kirk said. “But it’s also about how we’re fighting the good fight for our country.”Turning Point USA has continued to expand its network of chapters across American schools since Mr. Kirk’s assassination in September, and Ms. Kirk on Wednesday subtly highlighted her own connections to political power, including with President Trump and Vice President JD Vance, a close friend of her husband’s.AdvertisementSKIP ADVERTISEMENT“Charlie was very good about creating and intentionally building a machine where it turns from founder-led to vision-led, and he shared everything with me,” Ms. Kirk said. “I knew his goals, I knew what his vision was for things, so this is not out of my orbit, this is not uncomfortable for me. It’s not, because I’m picking up a mantle that I understand.”In her remarks, Ms. Kirk sought to portray her husband as a figure who promoted healthy debate, even though he had long faced criticism for derogatory and incendiary remarks. Ms. Kirk herself emphasized conciliation and constructive dialogue.Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.Michael J. de la Merced has covered global business and finance news for The Times since 2006.See more on: Republican Party, Turning Point USARelated ContentAdvertisementSKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Erika Kirk shared her vision on Wednesday for the right-wing political organization Turning Point USA founded by her husband, the slain conservative activist Charlie Kirk, casting a diplomatic tone that underscored her elevated role as the group’s new leader.
Speaking at the DealBook Summit in New York, Ms. Kirk said her pain at losing Mr. Kirk had “morphed into a form of purpose that you see will outlive you,” and that realization offered her comfort.
“It puts into perspective that this isn’t about me, this isn’t about my life, this is about the legacy my husband left behind,” Ms. Kirk said. “But it’s also about how we’re fighting the good fight for our country.”
Turning Point USA has continued to expand its network of chapters across American schools since Mr. Kirk’s assassination in September, and Ms. Kirk on Wednesday subtly highlighted her own connections to political power, including with President Trump and Vice President JD Vance, a close friend of her husband’s.
“Charlie was very good about creating and intentionally building a machine where it turns from founder-led to vision-led, and he shared everything with me,” Ms. Kirk said. “I knew his goals, I knew what his vision was for things, so this is not out of my orbit, this is not uncomfortable for me. It’s not, because I’m picking up a mantle that I understand.”
In her remarks, Ms. Kirk sought to portray her husband as a figure who promoted healthy debate, even though he had long faced criticism for derogatory and incendiary remarks. Ms. Kirk herself emphasized conciliation and constructive dialogue.
Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.
Michael J. de la Merced has covered global business and finance news for The Times since 2006.
Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times.


--- SOURCE: https://people.com/erika-kirk-reveals-what-jd-vance-said-during-intense-hug-11855667 ---
Erika Kirk Reveals What JD Vance Told Her During Their 'Intense' Onstage Hug Charlie Kirk's widow gave Megyn Kelly a "play-by-play" of the viral moment, defending it as her typical way of expressing affection By Meredith Kile Meredith Kile Meredith Kile is a Digital News Writer-Editor at PEOPLE. She has been an entertainment and political journalist for more than a decade, previously working for Entertainment Tonight, VICE and Al Jazeera America. People Editorial Guidelines Updated on November 24, 2025 02:16PM EST 439 Comments NEED TO KNOW Erika Kirk is defending her recent hug with JD Vance during an October Turning Point eventThe warm embrace happened seven weeks after Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, was shot and killed"My love language is touch," Erika told Megyn Kelly over the weekend while offering a "play-by-play" of the viral hug Erika Kirk said she doesn't understand the fuss about her recent onstage hug with Vice President JD Vance. At an Oct. 29 Turning Point USA event seven weeks after the assassination of Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, the grieving widow took the stage as the new CEO of TPUSA. She paid tribute to her late husband before welcoming Vance to the stage to speak. Brad Vest/Getty "No one will ever replace my husband," Erika, 37, told the crowd. "But I do see some similarities of my husband in JD— in Vice President JD Vance. I do. And that's why I am so blessed to be able to introduce him tonight." As the vice president, 41, walked out, he and Erika tightly embraced. Following the hug, Erika moved her hand to the back of JD's head, and he rested his hands briefly on her waist. The greeting surprised many internet users, according to a flurry of viral posts on social media that analyzed their hand placements and debated whether the hug was appropriate for the situation, given Erika's recent loss, as well as Vance's marital status. Erika Kirk and JD Vance embrace onstage at a Turning Point USA event at the University of Mississippi on Oct. 29. 2025. JONATHAN ERNST/POOL/AFP via Getty Erika defended the warm welcome when she joined Megyn Kelly on stage at her Megyn Kelly Live event on Saturday, Nov. 22. "My love language is touch, if you will," she told the crowd at the Desert Diamond Arena in Phoenix, where her husband's sold-out memorial service was held two months earlier. "So I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I'm walking over, [JD] is walking over. I'm starting to cry," Erika recounted. "He says, 'I'm so proud of you.' And I say, 'God bless you,' and I touch the back of his head," she continued. "Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, 'God bless you.' " Megyn responded with a laugh, saying, "They were acting like you touched the back of his ass!" Erika agreed, adding, "I feel like I wouldn't get as much hate if I did that!" Our new app is here! Free, fun and full of exclusives. Scan to download now! Notably, just over a week later, Erika attended the swearing-in ceremony of the new U.S. Ambassador to India Sergio Gor, where she embraced Gor in a similar manner. Erika Kirk embracing Sergio Gor, the future U.S. ambassador to India, in the Oval Office on Nov. 10, 2025. Anna Moneymaker/Getty Gor was close with Erika's late husband and worked with him on the White House transition team following Trump's second inauguration. In December 2024, The New York Times reported that, in addition to interviewing candidates for their qualified positions, they were also conducting a "loyalty test" to make sure all new staffers were pro-MAGA. "The interviewers asked which candidate the applicants had supported in the three most recent elections, what they thought about the events of Jan. 6, 2021, and whether they believed the 2020 election was stolen," the report read. "The sense they got was that there was only one right answer to each question." Related Stories Erika Kirk Says JD Vance Has Been a ‘Blessing’ Since Husband Charlie’s Assassination, Praises JD and Wife Usha's 'Love' Usha Vance's Spokesperson Addresses Marriage Rumors After She's Spotted Without Wedding Ring During Outing with Melania Trump Erika's latest remarks about her embrace with the vice president come just a few days after JD's wife, Usha Vance, was spotted without her wedding ring on during a visit to Camp Lejeune alongside first lady Melania Trump on Wednesday, Nov. 19. Usha and JD have been married since 2014 and share three children: sons Ewan, 8, and Vivek, 5, and daughter Mirabel, 3. Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer. Amid instant internet speculation about the Vances' marriage, a spokesperson for the second lady — who is very private and rarely speaks with the press — addressed the ringless appearance in a statement to PEOPLE. The spokesperson noted that Usha is “a mother of three young children, who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths, and forgets her ring sometimes.” Leave a Comment Read more: Politics
Erika Kirk Reveals What JD Vance Told Her During Their 'Intense' Onstage Hug
Charlie Kirk's widow gave Megyn Kelly a "play-by-play" of the viral moment, defending it as her typical way of expressing affection
Erika Kirk is defending her recent hug with JD Vance during an October Turning Point event
The warm embrace happened seven weeks after Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, was shot and killed
"My love language is touch," Erika told Megyn Kelly over the weekend while offering a "play-by-play" of the viral hug
Erika Kirk said she doesn't understand the fuss about her recent onstage hug with Vice President JD Vance.
At an Oct. 29 Turning Point USA event seven weeks after the assassination of Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, the grieving widow took the stage as the new CEO of TPUSA. She paid tribute to her late husband before welcoming Vance to the stage to speak.
"No one will ever replace my husband," Erika, 37, told the crowd. "But I do see some similarities of my husband in JD— in Vice President JD Vance. I do. And that's why I am so blessed to be able to introduce him tonight."
As the vice president, 41, walked out, he and Erika tightly embraced. Following the hug, Erika moved her hand to the back of JD's head, and he rested his hands briefly on her waist.
The greeting surprised many internet users, according to a flurry of viral posts on social media that analyzed their hand placements and debated whether the hug was appropriate for the situation, given Erika's recent loss, as well as Vance's marital status.
Erika defended the warm welcome when she joined Megyn Kelly on stage at her Megyn Kelly Live event on Saturday, Nov. 22.
"My love language is touch, if you will," she told the crowd at the Desert Diamond Arena in Phoenix, where her husband's sold-out memorial service was held two months earlier.
"So I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I'm walking over, [JD] is walking over. I'm starting to cry," Erika recounted.
"He says, 'I'm so proud of you.' And I say, 'God bless you,' and I touch the back of his head," she continued. "Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, 'God bless you.' "
Megyn responded with a laugh, saying, "They were acting like you touched the back of his ass!"
Erika agreed, adding, "I feel like I wouldn't get as much hate if I did that!"
Notably, just over a week later, Erika attended the swearing-in ceremony of the new U.S. Ambassador to India Sergio Gor, where she embraced Gor in a similar manner.
Gor was close with Erika's late husband and worked with him on the White House transition team following Trump's second inauguration.
In December 2024, The New York Times reported that, in addition to interviewing candidates for their qualified positions, they were also conducting a "loyalty test" to make sure all new staffers were pro-MAGA.
"The interviewers asked which candidate the applicants had supported in the three most recent elections, what they thought about the events of Jan. 6, 2021, and whether they believed the 2020 election was stolen," the report read. "The sense they got was that there was only one right answer to each question."
Erika's latest remarks about her embrace with the vice president come just a few days after JD's wife, Usha Vance, was spotted without her wedding ring on during a visit to Camp Lejeune alongside first lady Melania Trump on Wednesday, Nov. 19.
Usha and JD have been married since 2014 and share three children: sons Ewan, 8, and Vivek, 5, and daughter Mirabel, 3.
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer.
Amid instant internet speculation about the Vances' marriage, a spokesperson for the second lady — who is very private and rarely speaks with the press — addressed the ringless appearance in a statement to PEOPLE.
The spokesperson noted that Usha is “a mother of three young children, who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths, and forgets her ring sometimes.”


--- SOURCE: https://okmagazine.com/p/erika-kirk-explosive-revelations-megyn-kelly-podcast/ ---
Article continues below advertisementCharlie and Erika Kirk Were Never Afraid of DyingSource: Megyn Kelly/YouTubeErika Kirk shared shocking revelations in her recent interview with Megyn Kelly.Erika Kirk poured her heart out two months after her husband, Charlie Kirk, was assassinated.Still reeling from Charlie's death, Erika joined Megyn Kelly during the final stop of the latter's podcast tour and discussed a range of topics, including her marriage to the late right-wing political activist.During the November 22 live event, Erika admitted she and her late husband "always knew there were threats.""We always knew that there were people out there that hated us with deep, deep passion of hate. But it didn't scare us. Never; he was never afraid of that. Neither was I," she told the host and the crowd at the Desert Diamond Arena in Phoenix, Ariz. "Obviously, we protect our children, you know. We don't show their faces on the internet, so that's very intentional. But I think we lived our life in such a way where, if that was our last day, it was our last day."She praised Charlie's speeches, saying they were "so good" because he "did not know if that was going to be his last speech" and that he was "so intentional about every word."Erika continued, "We always knew there were threats. We always knew that that could be a possibility. But obviously, we never lived in fear of when that day would be."The Turning Point USA co-founder was killed at Utah Valley University on September 10. He was 31.Tap Here To Add Ok Magazine as A Trusted SourceArticle continues below advertisementErika Kirk and Her Daughter Often Talk About CharlieSource: @mrserikakirk/InstagramCharlie and Erika Kirk welcomed two children together.In another emotional part of the interview, Erika spoke candidly about talking with her 3-year-old daughter about Charlie being in heaven.She told Megyn, "I make it really exciting. Tell her, 'Daddy had so much fun today.' Everyone who has written letters and sent gifts to my children, thank you. I tell her, my son, he's only a year and a half, but I tell both of them, 'Daddy is telling all of his friends to send you gifts and letters, and Daddy is orchestrating from heaven to make sure that you always feel so loved.'""So just, we talk about that at night. And then sometimes I'll say, 'Well, tell me what you think he did in heaven today.' And we just, I just try to make it exciting because it is, heaven's our home," she revealed. "And so I just want her to know that Daddy is having so much fun and building a place for her and our family in heaven."Article continues below advertisementErika Kirk Had an 'Emotional Week' as She Marked Her First Birthday After Charlie's DeathSource: Megyn Kelly/YouTubeErika Kirk turned 37 on November 20.Erika marked her 37th birthday — her first since Charlie's death — on November 20, and she said it had been an "emotional week" for her."The firsts are always so interesting because the firsts are either like your first date, your first kiss, your first … and then with loss, it's like, the first birthday, the first holiday. But every day is different," she explained.Article continues below advertisementErika Kirk Prayed She Was Pregnant With Charlie's Baby After He Was AssassinatedSource: @mrserikakirk/InstagramCharlie and Erika Kirk reportedly wanted to have four children.MORE ON:Erika KirkTim Allen Says Erika Kirk Inspired Him to 'Forgive' His Dad's Killer After 60 Years: 'That Moment Deeply Affected Me'RFK Jr. Hired '24-Hour Security' After Charlie Kirk's Assassination, Wife Cheryl Hines Reveals: 'Outdoor Events Are Discouraged' NowErik Menendez Says Wife Tammi Helped Him Survive Prison by Showing He Was 'Capable of Being Loved': 'I Began to Heal'Want OK! each day? Sign up here!According to Erika, she and Charlie wanted to have four children."And I was praying to God that I was pregnant when he got murdered. … Both of us were, we were really excited to just expand our family," she admitted.For Charlie's widow, having another child "would be the ultimate blessing out of this catastrophe."Article continues below advertisementErika Kirk Shared 'Signs' From Charlie After His DeathSource: @charliekirk1776/InstagramCharlie Kirk was assassinated during an event at Utah Valley University campus on September 10.When asked if she had received any signs from Charlie after his death, Erika recalled how the lights would start to flicker when she first started dating him."So our whole dating and whole marriage, anytime we'd be in a room and a light started to flicker, he would just look at me and wink. It was like our little thing. It's a total frequency thing," she stressed.Then, on the night of Charlie's death, the bathroom light in her hotel room reportedly began flickering like a "strobe light."She pointed out, "A part of me couldn't sleep because it was a strobe light. The other part of me couldn't sleep because of how just my world has just crumbled. And the other part of me couldn't sleep because I was like, 'Baby, I feel you. I know you're here.'"Article continues below advertisementHow Erika Kirk Would Feel If She Could Speak to Charlie's Accused KillerSource: MEGACharlie Kirk's accused shooter, Tyler Robinson, was arrested after a two-day manhunt.During Charlie's funeral service, Erika said she forgives "that young man" — referring to the accused shooter, Tyler Robinson."The answer to hate is not hate. The answer, we know from the Gospel, is love. It's always love," she continued.Her statement echoed what she shared with Megyn during the interview, noting she would not feel "sympathy" or "anger" if she could speak to Tyler."Anything that I could ever wish upon him or that family would pale in comparison of the justice of God. And so I would look at them almost like, 'I'm so glad I'm not you. … And I pray that, you know, you figure out a way to be right with the Lord,'" she added.Article continues below advertisementThe Truth Behind Erika Kirk and J.D. Vance's Viral HugSource: WREG News Channel 3/YouTubeErika Kirk and J.D. Vance sparked romance rumors after the viral intimate hug.Erika also took time to address the hug seen around the globe with J.D. Vance during her interview with Megyn. While the moment sparked romance rumors, she told the crowd her "love language is touch, if you will.""So I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I'm walking over, [J.D.] is walking over. I'm starting to cry. He says, 'I'm so proud of you.' And I say, 'God bless you,' and I touch the back of his head. Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, 'God bless you,'" she detailed."They were acting like you touched the back of his a--!" Megyn quipped, to which Erika responded, "I feel like I wouldn't get as much hate if I did that!"
Charlie and Erika Kirk Were Never Afraid of Dying
Erika Kirk shared shocking revelations in her recent interview with Megyn Kelly.
Erika Kirk poured her heart out two months after her husband, Charlie Kirk, was assassinated.
Still reeling from Charlie's death, Erika joined Megyn Kelly during the final stop of the latter's podcast tour and discussed a range of topics, including her marriage to the late right-wing political activist.
During the November 22 live event, Erika admitted she and her late husband "always knew there were threats."
"We always knew that there were people out there that hated us with deep, deep passion of hate. But it didn't scare us. Never; he was never afraid of that. Neither was I," she told the host and the crowd at the Desert Diamond Arena in Phoenix, Ariz. "Obviously, we protect our children, you know. We don't show their faces on the internet, so that's very intentional. But I think we lived our life in such a way where, if that was our last day, it was our last day."
She praised Charlie's speeches, saying they were "so good" because he "did not know if that was going to be his last speech" and that he was "so intentional about every word."
Erika continued, "We always knew there were threats. We always knew that that could be a possibility. But obviously, we never lived in fear of when that day would be."
The Turning Point USA co-founder was killed at Utah Valley University on September 10. He was 31.
Erika Kirk and Her Daughter Often Talk About Charlie
Charlie and Erika Kirk welcomed two children together.
In another emotional part of the interview, Erika spoke candidly about talking with her 3-year-old daughter about Charlie being in heaven.
She told Megyn, "I make it really exciting. Tell her, 'Daddy had so much fun today.' Everyone who has written letters and sent gifts to my children, thank you. I tell her, my son, he's only a year and a half, but I tell both of them, 'Daddy is telling all of his friends to send you gifts and letters, and Daddy is orchestrating from heaven to make sure that you always feel so loved.'"
"So just, we talk about that at night. And then sometimes I'll say, 'Well, tell me what you think he did in heaven today.' And we just, I just try to make it exciting because it is, heaven's our home," she revealed. "And so I just want her to know that Daddy is having so much fun and building a place for her and our family in heaven."
Erika Kirk Had an 'Emotional Week' as She Marked Her First Birthday After Charlie's Death
Erika marked her 37th birthday — her first since Charlie's death — on November 20, and she said it had been an "emotional week" for her.
"The firsts are always so interesting because the firsts are either like your first date, your first kiss, your first … and then with loss, it's like, the first birthday, the first holiday. But every day is different," she explained.
Erika Kirk Prayed She Was Pregnant With Charlie's Baby After He Was Assassinated
Charlie and Erika Kirk reportedly wanted to have four children.
Tim Allen Says Erika Kirk Inspired Him to 'Forgive' His Dad's Killer After 60 Years: 'That Moment Deeply Affected Me'
RFK Jr. Hired '24-Hour Security' After Charlie Kirk's Assassination, Wife Cheryl Hines Reveals: 'Outdoor Events Are Discouraged' Now
Erik Menendez Says Wife Tammi Helped Him Survive Prison by Showing He Was 'Capable of Being Loved': 'I Began to Heal'
According to Erika, she and Charlie wanted to have four children.
"And I was praying to God that I was pregnant when he got murdered. … Both of us were, we were really excited to just expand our family," she admitted.
For Charlie's widow, having another child "would be the ultimate blessing out of this catastrophe."
Erika Kirk Shared 'Signs' From Charlie After His Death
Charlie Kirk was assassinated during an event at Utah Valley University campus on September 10.
When asked if she had received any signs from Charlie after his death, Erika recalled how the lights would start to flicker when she first started dating him.
"So our whole dating and whole marriage, anytime we'd be in a room and a light started to flicker, he would just look at me and wink. It was like our little thing. It's a total frequency thing," she stressed.
Then, on the night of Charlie's death, the bathroom light in her hotel room reportedly began flickering like a "strobe light."
She pointed out, "A part of me couldn't sleep because it was a strobe light. The other part of me couldn't sleep because of how just my world has just crumbled. And the other part of me couldn't sleep because I was like, 'Baby, I feel you. I know you're here.'"
How Erika Kirk Would Feel If She Could Speak to Charlie's Accused Killer
Charlie Kirk's accused shooter, Tyler Robinson, was arrested after a two-day manhunt.
During Charlie's funeral service, Erika said she forgives "that young man" — referring to the accused shooter, Tyler Robinson.
"The answer to hate is not hate. The answer, we know from the Gospel, is love. It's always love," she continued.
Her statement echoed what she shared with Megyn during the interview, noting she would not feel "sympathy" or "anger" if she could speak to Tyler.
"Anything that I could ever wish upon him or that family would pale in comparison of the justice of God. And so I would look at them almost like, 'I'm so glad I'm not you. … And I pray that, you know, you figure out a way to be right with the Lord,'" she added.
The Truth Behind Erika Kirk and J.D. Vance's Viral Hug
Erika Kirk and J.D. Vance sparked romance rumors after the viral intimate hug.
Erika also took time to address the hug seen around the globe with J.D. Vance during her interview with Megyn. While the moment sparked romance rumors, she told the crowd her "love language is touch, if you will."
"So I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I'm walking over, [J.D.] is walking over. I'm starting to cry. He says, 'I'm so proud of you.' And I say, 'God bless you,' and I touch the back of his head. Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, 'God bless you,'" she detailed.
"They were acting like you touched the back of his a--!" Megyn quipped, to which Erika responded, "I feel like I wouldn't get as much hate if I did that!"
© Copyright 2025 OK!™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. OK! is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.


--- SOURCE: https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/the-biggest-revelations-from-erika-kirk-on-megyn-kellys-podcast/ ---
Erika Kirk, Megyn Kelly. Getty Images (2) Tap Here To Add Us Weekly As A Trusted Source Add as a preferred source on Google Charlie Kirk’s widow, Erika Kirk, had an emotional conversation with Megyn Kelly during the final stop on the media personality’s podcast tour. Erika sat down with Kelly in Arizona on November 22, 2025, to discuss how she and her family are holding up more than one month after Charlie’s September 10, 2025, assassination, among other topics. The full podcast episode dropped on November 24, 2025. Keep scrolling to see the biggest revelations from Erika’s podcast appearance: Erika Kirk Reveals How She’s Doing Today The tour stop came during the week of Erika’s first birthday after Charlie’s death, so she said it had been a particularly “emotional” week for her. Related: Charlie Kirk's Last Interviewer Recalls Activist's Demeanor Ahead of Death Entrepreneur Andrew Smith spoke with Charlie Kirk nearly an hour before the conservative political activist’s death at 31. “I think everybody would think in any conversation he’s in, he’s coming in looking for a debate. This was a very different forum,” Smith exclusively told Us Weekly on Tuesday, September 23. “He came in high on […] “The firsts are always so interesting because the firsts are either like your first date, your first kiss, your first … and then with loss, it’s like, the first birthday, the first holiday,” she said. “But everyday is different.” Erika Kirk Prayed That She Was Pregnant When Charlie Kirk Died Erika said she prayed she was pregnant when she first learned of Charlie’s fatal shooting during a Turning Point USA speaking engagement at Utah Valley University. “We wanted to have four [children],” she explained. “And I was praying to God that I was pregnant when he got murdered. … Both of us were, we were really excited to just expand our family.” Erika, who welcomed two kids with Charlie before his death, added that another child “would be the ultimate blessing out of this catastrophe.” “Now when I see young couples, I tell them, ‘Please, don’t put it off.’ Especially if you’re a young woman, don’t put it off. You can always have a career, you can always go back to work. You can never just go back to having children,” she continued, becoming emotional. Erika Kirk Says She and Charlie Kirk Were ‘Never Afraid of Dying’ When asked if she ever had any “feeling” that Charlie’s death was coming, Erika said that she and her husband “always knew there were threats,” but they weren’t afraid. “We always knew that there were people out there that hated us with deep, deep passion of hate. But it didn’t scare us. Never; he was never afraid of that. Neither was I,” she said. “Obviously, we protect our children, you know. We don’t show their faces on the internet, so that’s very intentional. But I think we lived our life in such a way where, if that was our last day, it was our last day.” Erika continued, “That’s why Charlie’s speeches were so good, because he didn’t know if that was going to be his last speech. And he was so intentional about every word. … We always knew there were threats. We always knew that that could be a possibility. But obviously, we never lived in fear of when that day would be.” Courtesy of Erika Kirk/Instagram Erika Kirk Reveals Whether She Sees ‘Signs’ From Charlie Kirk When asked if she has received any “signs” from Charlie after his death, Erika shared a sweet personal story. “It’s so interesting when we first started dating — this is personal, but I share it only because maybe it’ll be a sign for you to know that Charlie’s with you in something — when we first started dating, we were walking to dinner one night, and this happened a lot, the lights would start to flicker,” she explained. “And he’d look up at the light and be like, ‘You know, it’s so weird. This happens to me a lot.’ And I was like, ‘Really?’” Erika continued, “So our whole dating and whole marriage, anytime we’d be in a room and a light started to flicker, he would just look at me and wink. It was like our little thing. It’s a total frequency thing.” Erika said that, on the night of Charlie’s death, she was in a hotel room by herself when the bathroom light began to flicker like a “strobe light.” “A part of me couldn’t sleep because it was a strobe light. The other part of me couldn’t sleep because of how just my world has just crumbled,” she said. “And the other part of me couldn’t sleep because I was like, ‘Baby, I feel you. I know you’re here.'” Erika Kirk Reveals Whether Her Daughter Is Starting to Understand Charlie Kirk’s Death Erika said she and her 3-year-old daughter often discuss Charlie being in “heaven.” Samuel Corum/Getty Images “I make it really exciting. Tell her, ‘Daddy had so much fun today.’ Everyone who has written letters and sent gifts to my children, thank you. I tell her, my son, he’s only a year and a half, but I tell both of them, ‘Daddy is telling all of his friends to send you gifts and letters, and Daddy is orchestrating from heaven to make sure that you always feel so loved,’” she revealed. Erika continued of her daughter, “The other day she was like, ‘Tell me about Daddy’s day in heaven.’ So just, we talk about that at night. And then sometimes I’ll say, ‘Well, tell me what you think he did in heaven today.’ And we just, I just try to make it exciting because it is, heaven’s our home. And so I just want her to know that Daddy is having so much fun and building a place for her and our family in heaven.” Erika Kirk Clarifies Her Hug With JD Vance Erika broke her silence on her seemingly intimate hug with Vice President JD Vance at a Turning Point USA event on October 29. “My love language is touch, if you will,” she explained. “So, I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I’m walking over, [JD] is walking over. I’m starting to cry.” Erika and Vance then shared a hug. “He says, ‘I’m so proud of you.’ And I say, ‘God bless you,’ and I touch the back of his head,” Erika recalled. “Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, ‘God bless you.’” Deal of the Day Dyson’s Game-Changing Airstraight Is Shockingly $150 Off — Shoppers Are Rushing! View Deal Related: Charlie Kirk Shooting Death Investigation: Updates on the Case The investigation into conservative pundit Charlie Kirk’s murder on September 10 is ongoing as the Utah Valley University community, and the entire country, continues to process the day’s tragic events. Kirk, who was 31, was shot and killed while speaking at an event at the university. Video shared on social media showed a bullet appear […] Erika Kirk Reveals What She Would Say to Charlie Kirk’s Accused Killer Erika shared a powerful message for Charlie’s alleged shooter, Tyler Robinson. “It wouldn’t be sympathy. It wouldn’t be anger,” she said of how she would feel if she could speak to him. “Anything that I could ever wish upon him or that family would pale in comparison of the justice of God. And so I would look at them almost like, ‘I’m so glad I’m not you. … And I pray that, you know, you figure out a way to be right with the Lord.’” Police identified Robinson as Charlie’s alleged shooter on September 12. He was subsequently charged with capital offense aggravated murder and felony discharge of a firearm. Robinson is also facing multiple counts of obstruction of justice, witness tampering and commission of a violent offense in the presence of a child. He is being held without bail in the Utah county jail until his first in-person public hearing in January 2026. Just For You Love Is Blind’s Alexa and Brennon Lemieux Split After 4 Years of Marriage Missing High School Football Coach Might Not Have Acted Alone: Detective Bachelor's Madi Prewett Loves Being a 'Submissive Wife' to Husband Grant Former NBA Star Reacts to Seeing His Name in the Epstein Files, Flight Log In this article Megyn Kelly
Charlie Kirk’s widow, Erika Kirk, had an emotional conversation with Megyn Kelly during the final stop on the media personality’s podcast tour.
Erika sat down with Kelly in Arizona on November 22, 2025, to discuss how she and her family are holding up more than one month after Charlie’s September 10, 2025, assassination, among other topics. The full podcast episode dropped on November 24, 2025.
Keep scrolling to see the biggest revelations from Erika’s podcast appearance:
The tour stop came during the week of Erika’s first birthday after Charlie’s death, so she said it had been a particularly “emotional” week for her.
Related: Charlie Kirk's Last Interviewer Recalls Activist's Demeanor Ahead of Death
“The firsts are always so interesting because the firsts are either like your first date, your first kiss, your first … and then with loss, it’s like, the first birthday, the first holiday,” she said. “But everyday is different.”
Erika Kirk Prayed That She Was Pregnant When Charlie Kirk Died
Erika said she prayed she was pregnant when she first learned of Charlie’s fatal shooting during a Turning Point USA speaking engagement at Utah Valley University.
“We wanted to have four [children],” she explained. “And I was praying to God that I was pregnant when he got murdered. … Both of us were, we were really excited to just expand our family.”
Erika, who welcomed two kids with Charlie before his death, added that another child “would be the ultimate blessing out of this catastrophe.”
“Now when I see young couples, I tell them, ‘Please, don’t put it off.’ Especially if you’re a young woman, don’t put it off. You can always have a career, you can always go back to work. You can never just go back to having children,” she continued, becoming emotional.
Erika Kirk Says She and Charlie Kirk Were ‘Never Afraid of Dying’
When asked if she ever had any “feeling” that Charlie’s death was coming, Erika said that she and her husband “always knew there were threats,” but they weren’t afraid.
“We always knew that there were people out there that hated us with deep, deep passion of hate. But it didn’t scare us. Never; he was never afraid of that. Neither was I,” she said. “Obviously, we protect our children, you know. We don’t show their faces on the internet, so that’s very intentional. But I think we lived our life in such a way where, if that was our last day, it was our last day.”
Erika continued, “That’s why Charlie’s speeches were so good, because he didn’t know if that was going to be his last speech. And he was so intentional about every word. … We always knew there were threats. We always knew that that could be a possibility. But obviously, we never lived in fear of when that day would be.”
Erika Kirk Reveals Whether She Sees ‘Signs’ From Charlie Kirk
When asked if she has received any “signs” from Charlie after his death, Erika shared a sweet personal story.
“It’s so interesting when we first started dating — this is personal, but I share it only because maybe it’ll be a sign for you to know that Charlie’s with you in something — when we first started dating, we were walking to dinner one night, and this happened a lot, the lights would start to flicker,” she explained. “And he’d look up at the light and be like, ‘You know, it’s so weird. This happens to me a lot.’ And I was like, ‘Really?’”
Erika continued, “So our whole dating and whole marriage, anytime we’d be in a room and a light started to flicker, he would just look at me and wink. It was like our little thing. It’s a total frequency thing.”
Erika said that, on the night of Charlie’s death, she was in a hotel room by herself when the bathroom light began to flicker like a “strobe light.”
“A part of me couldn’t sleep because it was a strobe light. The other part of me couldn’t sleep because of how just my world has just crumbled,” she said. “And the other part of me couldn’t sleep because I was like, ‘Baby, I feel you. I know you’re here.'”
Erika Kirk Reveals Whether Her Daughter Is Starting to Understand Charlie Kirk’s Death
Erika said she and her 3-year-old daughter often discuss Charlie being in “heaven.”
“I make it really exciting. Tell her, ‘Daddy had so much fun today.’ Everyone who has written letters and sent gifts to my children, thank you. I tell her, my son, he’s only a year and a half, but I tell both of them, ‘Daddy is telling all of his friends to send you gifts and letters, and Daddy is orchestrating from heaven to make sure that you always feel so loved,’” she revealed.
Erika continued of her daughter, “The other day she was like, ‘Tell me about Daddy’s day in heaven.’ So just, we talk about that at night. And then sometimes I’ll say, ‘Well, tell me what you think he did in heaven today.’ And we just, I just try to make it exciting because it is, heaven’s our home. And so I just want her to know that Daddy is having so much fun and building a place for her and our family in heaven.”
Erika Kirk Clarifies Her Hug With JD Vance
Erika broke her silence on her seemingly intimate hug with Vice President JD Vance at a Turning Point USA event on October 29.
“My love language is touch, if you will,” she explained. “So, I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I’m walking over, [JD] is walking over. I’m starting to cry.”
“He says, ‘I’m so proud of you.’ And I say, ‘God bless you,’ and I touch the back of his head,” Erika recalled. “Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, ‘God bless you.’”
Related: Charlie Kirk Shooting Death Investigation: Updates on the Case
Erika Kirk Reveals What She Would Say to Charlie Kirk’s Accused Killer
Erika shared a powerful message for Charlie’s alleged shooter, Tyler Robinson.
“It wouldn’t be sympathy. It wouldn’t be anger,” she said of how she would feel if she could speak to him. “Anything that I could ever wish upon him or that family would pale in comparison of the justice of God. And so I would look at them almost like, ‘I’m so glad I’m not you. … And I pray that, you know, you figure out a way to be right with the Lord.’”
Police identified Robinson as Charlie’s alleged shooter on September 12. He was subsequently charged with capital offense aggravated murder and felony discharge of a firearm. Robinson is also facing multiple counts of obstruction of justice, witness tampering and commission of a violent offense in the presence of a child. He is being held without bail in the Utah county jail until his first in-person public hearing in January 2026.
Your next adventure just got more affordable! Join Us Weekly Travel to get access to savings of up to 50% or more on over 1 million hotels worldwide. Whether you're planning a dreamy Hawaiian getaway, embarking on a work-related journey to Toronto, or simply yearning for a relaxing Staycation here at home, incredible deals await your exploration. Where will you go next?
Benefits of booking through Us Weekly Travel:
Savings of up to 50% off or more - average savings of $92 per booking.
Secure Transactions - Built out on the #1 travel platform Priceline
With BonBon Rewards, every article you read and game you play earns you entries, bringing you one step closer to winning amazing prizes!
From a Lisbon getaway to dazzling diamond earrings, Us Weekly’s Sweepstakes offers prizes you'll love. Enter daily to increase your odds.
Put your celebrity knowledge to the test! Play games, take quizes and complete the weekly crossword. If you enter via BonBon, you may be eligible to win a prize.
You have already added the maximum number of addresses allowed. If you'd like to add another address, please consider modifying one of your existing addresses.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.
Social Media CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Targeting CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


--- SOURCE: https://www.megynkelly.com/2025/11/24/highlights-from-megyn-kelly-interview-with-erika-kirk-on-megyn-kelly-live-tour/ ---
When Megyn first announced the lineup for her nationwide Megyn Kelly Live tour on September 8, Charlie Kirk was set to headline the show in Bakersfield, California, on November 20. Two days later, he was assassinated. Megyn decided to continue on with the tour, saying it was more important than ever in the wake of his passing. Soon after, she shared that Erika Kirk would be joining her for the final stop in Glendale, Arizona, on November 22 for one of her first long-form interviews since her husband’s death and being named CEO of Turning Point USA. On Saturday, Megyn and Erika were joined by a sold-out crowd at Desert Diamond Arena for an emotional and wide-ranging conversation on her background, her marriage, continuing her husband’s mission, the power of prayer, and more. Keep scrolling for highlights from the sit-down and watch the full, hour-long interview in episode 1,200. On Her Background Megyn asks Erika about her life and career prior to meeting Charlie, how they fell in love, why her faith is important to her, what being raised by a single mom taught her about this next chapter, and more. On Being a Mom Erika tells Megyn about wanting more kids with Charlie, how she prayed she was pregnant when he was murdered, why they did not fear death, signs of Charlie she has seen since the assassination, what she tells her daughter about heaven and where Charlie is now, and more. On Faith Erika reads an excerpt from Charlie’s forthcoming book Stop in the Name of God and a passage from his journal, as she explains why he was so adamant about rest and honoring the Sabbath, the power of reading the bible, his incredible self-discipline, and more. On Leading Turning Point USA Megyn and Erika discuss what’s next for Turning Point USA heading into the 2026 and 2028 elections with her at the helm, why she will continue Charlie’s mission to “save the lost boys of the West,” her advice for young women, her relationships with President Donald Trump and Vice President J.D. Vance, and more. You can check out the full ‘Megyn Kelly Live’ show from Glendale, AZ, on YouTube, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you like to listen. And don’t forget that you can catch Megyn live on SiriusXM’s The Megyn Kelly Channel (channel 111) weekdays from 12pm to 2pm ET. Sign Up For Megyn’s American News Minute Get all the news you need in 60 seconds or less with the American News Minute. The free weekly email delivers the top stories and must-see moments from the Megyn Kelly Show straight to your inbox every Friday.
When Megyn first announced the lineup for her nationwide Megyn Kelly Live tour on September 8, Charlie Kirk was set to headline the show in Bakersfield, California, on November 20. Two days later, he was assassinated.
Megyn decided to continue on with the tour, saying it was more important than ever in the wake of his passing. Soon after, she shared that Erika Kirk would be joining her for the final stop in Glendale, Arizona, on November 22 for one of her first long-form interviews since her husband’s death and being named CEO of Turning Point USA.
On Saturday, Megyn and Erika were joined by a sold-out crowd at Desert Diamond Arena for an emotional and wide-ranging conversation on her background, her marriage, continuing her husband’s mission, the power of prayer, and more. Keep scrolling for highlights from the sit-down and watch the full, hour-long interview in episode 1,200.
Megyn asks Erika about her life and career prior to meeting Charlie, how they fell in love, why her faith is important to her, what being raised by a single mom taught her about this next chapter, and more.
Erika tells Megyn about wanting more kids with Charlie, how she prayed she was pregnant when he was murdered, why they did not fear death, signs of Charlie she has seen since the assassination, what she tells her daughter about heaven and where Charlie is now, and more.
Erika reads an excerpt from Charlie’s forthcoming book Stop in the Name of God and a passage from his journal, as she explains why he was so adamant about rest and honoring the Sabbath, the power of reading the bible, his incredible self-discipline, and more.
Megyn and Erika discuss what’s next for Turning Point USA heading into the 2026 and 2028 elections with her at the helm, why she will continue Charlie’s mission to “save the lost boys of the West,” her advice for young women, her relationships with President Donald Trump and Vice President J.D. Vance, and more.
You can check out the full ‘Megyn Kelly Live’ show from Glendale, AZ, on YouTube, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you like to listen. And don’t forget that you can catch Megyn live on SiriusXM’s The Megyn Kelly Channel (channel 111) weekdays from 12pm to 2pm ET.
Get all the news you need in 60 seconds or less with the American News Minute. The free weekly email delivers the top stories and must-see moments from the Megyn Kelly Show straight to your inbox every Friday.


--- SOURCE: https://people.com/erika-kirk-reveals-what-jd-vance-said-during-intense-hug-11855667 ---
Erika Kirk Reveals What JD Vance Told Her During Their 'Intense' Onstage Hug Charlie Kirk's widow gave Megyn Kelly a "play-by-play" of the viral moment, defending it as her typical way of expressing affection By Meredith Kile Meredith Kile Meredith Kile is a Digital News Writer-Editor at PEOPLE. She has been an entertainment and political journalist for more than a decade, previously working for Entertainment Tonight, VICE and Al Jazeera America. People Editorial Guidelines Updated on November 24, 2025 02:16PM EST 439 Comments 0 seconds of 1 minute, 42 secondsVolume 0%Press shift question mark to access a list of keyboard shortcutsKeyboard ShortcutsShortcuts Open/Close/ or ?Play/PauseSPACEIncrease Volume↑Decrease Volume↓Seek Forward→Seek Backward←Captions On/OffcFullscreen/Exit FullscreenfMute/UnmutemDecrease Caption Size-Increase Caption Size+ or =Seek %0-9 Loading adLive00:2500:0001:42More Videos01:42Erika Kirk Reveals What JD Vance Told Her During Their 'Intense' Onstage Hug00:38Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves' Relationship Timeline00:463 Things to Know About Cynthia Erivo00:43The Rewind: 'Friends' Thanksgiving Episodes00:43Who Is Jennifer Love Hewitt's Husband? 3 Things to Know About Brian Hallisay00:51Feast Your Eyes on These 10 Thanksgiving MoviesClose NEED TO KNOW Erika Kirk is defending her recent hug with JD Vance during an October Turning Point eventThe warm embrace happened seven weeks after Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, was shot and killed"My love language is touch," Erika told Megyn Kelly over the weekend while offering a "play-by-play" of the viral hug Erika Kirk said she doesn't understand the fuss about her recent onstage hug with Vice President JD Vance. At an Oct. 29 Turning Point USA event seven weeks after the assassination of Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, the grieving widow took the stage as the new CEO of TPUSA. She paid tribute to her late husband before welcoming Vance to the stage to speak. Brad Vest/Getty "No one will ever replace my husband," Erika, 37, told the crowd. "But I do see some similarities of my husband in JD— in Vice President JD Vance. I do. And that's why I am so blessed to be able to introduce him tonight." As the vice president, 41, walked out, he and Erika tightly embraced. Following the hug, Erika moved her hand to the back of JD's head, and he rested his hands briefly on her waist. The greeting surprised many internet users, according to a flurry of viral posts on social media that analyzed their hand placements and debated whether the hug was appropriate for the situation, given Erika's recent loss, as well as Vance's marital status. Erika Kirk and JD Vance embrace onstage at a Turning Point USA event at the University of Mississippi on Oct. 29. 2025. JONATHAN ERNST/POOL/AFP via Getty Erika defended the warm welcome when she joined Megyn Kelly on stage at her Megyn Kelly Live event on Saturday, Nov. 22. "My love language is touch, if you will," she told the crowd at the Desert Diamond Arena in Phoenix, where her husband's sold-out memorial service was held two months earlier. "So I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I'm walking over, [JD] is walking over. I'm starting to cry," Erika recounted. "He says, 'I'm so proud of you.' And I say, 'God bless you,' and I touch the back of his head," she continued. "Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, 'God bless you.' " Megyn responded with a laugh, saying, "They were acting like you touched the back of his ass!" Erika agreed, adding, "I feel like I wouldn't get as much hate if I did that!" Our new app is here! Free, fun and full of exclusives. Scan to download now! Notably, just over a week later, Erika attended the swearing-in ceremony of the new U.S. Ambassador to India Sergio Gor, where she embraced Gor in a similar manner. Erika Kirk embracing Sergio Gor, the future U.S. ambassador to India, in the Oval Office on Nov. 10, 2025. Anna Moneymaker/Getty Gor was close with Erika's late husband and worked with him on the White House transition team following Trump's second inauguration. In December 2024, The New York Times reported that, in addition to interviewing candidates for their qualified positions, they were also conducting a "loyalty test" to make sure all new staffers were pro-MAGA. "The interviewers asked which candidate the applicants had supported in the three most recent elections, what they thought about the events of Jan. 6, 2021, and whether they believed the 2020 election was stolen," the report read. "The sense they got was that there was only one right answer to each question." Related Stories Erika Kirk Says JD Vance Has Been a ‘Blessing’ Since Husband Charlie’s Assassination, Praises JD and Wife Usha's 'Love' Usha Vance's Spokesperson Addresses Marriage Rumors After She's Spotted Without Wedding Ring During Outing with Melania Trump Erika's latest remarks about her embrace with the vice president come just a few days after JD's wife, Usha Vance, was spotted without her wedding ring on during a visit to Camp Lejeune alongside first lady Melania Trump on Wednesday, Nov. 19. Usha and JD have been married since 2014 and share three children: sons Ewan, 8, and Vivek, 5, and daughter Mirabel, 3. Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer. Amid instant internet speculation about the Vances' marriage, a spokesperson for the second lady — who is very private and rarely speaks with the press — addressed the ringless appearance in a statement to PEOPLE. The spokesperson noted that Usha is “a mother of three young children, who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths, and forgets her ring sometimes.” Leave a Comment Read more: Politics
Erika Kirk Reveals What JD Vance Told Her During Their 'Intense' Onstage Hug
Charlie Kirk's widow gave Megyn Kelly a "play-by-play" of the viral moment, defending it as her typical way of expressing affection
Erika Kirk is defending her recent hug with JD Vance during an October Turning Point event
The warm embrace happened seven weeks after Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, was shot and killed
"My love language is touch," Erika told Megyn Kelly over the weekend while offering a "play-by-play" of the viral hug
Erika Kirk said she doesn't understand the fuss about her recent onstage hug with Vice President JD Vance.
At an Oct. 29 Turning Point USA event seven weeks after the assassination of Erika's husband, Charlie Kirk, the grieving widow took the stage as the new CEO of TPUSA. She paid tribute to her late husband before welcoming Vance to the stage to speak.
"No one will ever replace my husband," Erika, 37, told the crowd. "But I do see some similarities of my husband in JD— in Vice President JD Vance. I do. And that's why I am so blessed to be able to introduce him tonight."
As the vice president, 41, walked out, he and Erika tightly embraced. Following the hug, Erika moved her hand to the back of JD's head, and he rested his hands briefly on her waist.
The greeting surprised many internet users, according to a flurry of viral posts on social media that analyzed their hand placements and debated whether the hug was appropriate for the situation, given Erika's recent loss, as well as Vance's marital status.
Erika defended the warm welcome when she joined Megyn Kelly on stage at her Megyn Kelly Live event on Saturday, Nov. 22.
"My love language is touch, if you will," she told the crowd at the Desert Diamond Arena in Phoenix, where her husband's sold-out memorial service was held two months earlier.
"So I will give you a play-by-play: They just played the emotional video. I'm walking over, [JD] is walking over. I'm starting to cry," Erika recounted.
"He says, 'I'm so proud of you.' And I say, 'God bless you,' and I touch the back of his head," she continued. "Anyone whom I have hugged, that I have touched the back of your head when I hug you, I always say, 'God bless you.' "
Megyn responded with a laugh, saying, "They were acting like you touched the back of his ass!"
Erika agreed, adding, "I feel like I wouldn't get as much hate if I did that!"
Notably, just over a week later, Erika attended the swearing-in ceremony of the new U.S. Ambassador to India Sergio Gor, where she embraced Gor in a similar manner.
Gor was close with Erika's late husband and worked with him on the White House transition team following Trump's second inauguration.
In December 2024, The New York Times reported that, in addition to interviewing candidates for their qualified positions, they were also conducting a "loyalty test" to make sure all new staffers were pro-MAGA.
"The interviewers asked which candidate the applicants had supported in the three most recent elections, what they thought about the events of Jan. 6, 2021, and whether they believed the 2020 election was stolen," the report read. "The sense they got was that there was only one right answer to each question."
Erika's latest remarks about her embrace with the vice president come just a few days after JD's wife, Usha Vance, was spotted without her wedding ring on during a visit to Camp Lejeune alongside first lady Melania Trump on Wednesday, Nov. 19.
Usha and JD have been married since 2014 and share three children: sons Ewan, 8, and Vivek, 5, and daughter Mirabel, 3.
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer.
Amid instant internet speculation about the Vances' marriage, a spokesperson for the second lady — who is very private and rarely speaks with the press — addressed the ringless appearance in a statement to PEOPLE.
The spokesperson noted that Usha is “a mother of three young children, who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths, and forgets her ring sometimes.”


--- SOURCE: https://atlantablackstar.com/2025/11/23/usha-jd-vance-divorce-rumors-after-erika/ ---
Vice President JD Vance is still in hot water with his wife, Usha Vance, weeks after his humiliating stunt with Eirk Kirk. At least, social media thinks so. Close up images of the VP’s wife from her joint appearance with first lady Melania Trump have fans in a frenzy and running wild with theories. Many speculate that Usha and Vance were headed for divorce following the embarrassment of the world watching your husband intimately embrace another woman while you sit in the audience. And her latest stunt has people convinced the two are preparing divorce documents behind the scenes. (Photo: jdvance/Instagram; Jonathan Ernst-Pool/Getty Images) ‘She Should Be Ashamed’: Erika Kirk Says She’s Being Targeted After Viral Hug with JD Vance but Social Media Says She Knew What She Was Doing Usha appeared without her wedding ring during a Nov. 19 visit to a military training camp in Jacksonville, N.C. After the images went viral and fueled rumors that she’s gearing up for an exit, her team rushed out a statement to calm the damage. In a statement to People, a spokesperson explained that Usha wasn’t wearing her ring simply because she’s “a mother of three young children who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths, and sometimes forgets to put her ring back on.” Love is in air (within just 1 mth of husband's death) 💕“No one will ever replace Charlie….but I do see some similarities of my husband in JD…Vice President JD Vance” ~Says Erika Kirk, widow of Charlie Kirk. These words seem out of place…much like her leather pants. pic.twitter.com/wUFprhsBBL— Sumit (@SumitHansd) October 31, 2025 But her reasoning did nothing to shut down rumors that she was planning to divorce JD because “She’s too good for him” or that his viral moment with Kirk had anything to do with it. “Maybe JD will be Erika’s replacement for Charlie Jerk? What a wonderful blessing for Usha!” said one person, While another wrote, “She is just as tired of his mess as we are.” A third said, “She should have dumped his couch hide years ago. No secret he is carrying on with Kirk’s widow & not so sure she didn’t have something to do with his demise.” Before the election, we didn't really get a chance to know Usha Vance beyond what we saw in the news and those quick campaign appearances. But then we came across that one raw, heartbreaking photo of her pulling Erika Kirk into a tight hug on the tarmac, right after the… pic.twitter.com/mM1XYYyGbg— CeCe (@cecegkh) October 24, 2025 One disbeliever wrote, “I’m not buying that she just forgot to put her ring on. She got fully dressed up and put earrings on but somehow didn’t notice that she didn’t have her wedding ring on?” Yet plenty of viewers insisted she looked more refreshed and rejuvenated than she ever did standing next to JD. “She looks so much happier without her ring on. She looks prettier too. Her hair is different she’s wearing makeup. We see you! She’s even smiling!” In recent weeks, their marriage has come under scrutiny as eagle-eyed critics have noted JD’s fondness for Erika Kirk, widow of Charlie Kirk. The former pageant beauty and the vice president raised eyebrows when they shared a cozy embrace. The semi-PDA moment happened as the widow of Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk greeted Sen. JD Vance. Photos from the Oct. 29 event at the University of Mississippi — where Erika spoke on behalf of her late husband’s organization — quickly sent social media into overdrive. The images showed the two standing closely, sharing what many online felt looked a little too warm for comfort, and the internet wasted no time spiraling. The second-in-command is not the only man in the Oval Office ogling the blonde; so is Trump. The president awkwardly summoned her to his side and planted a kiss on her cheek during the Nov. 10 swearing-in ceremony for Sergio Gor, ambassador to India. ‼️🇺🇸: Erika Kirk is spending more time in DC than Charlie did.Trump called her over for a kiss while he's doing an ambassador swearing-in ceremony.Why is she there so much? 🤔pic.twitter.com/vOBLOSEwu2— Diligent Denizen 🇺🇸 (@DiligentDenizen) November 10, 2025 Erika has been widowed for two months following the untimely passing of Kirk. The couple shared two kids.
Vice President JD Vance is still in hot water with his wife, Usha Vance, weeks after his humiliating stunt with Eirk Kirk. At least, social media thinks so.
Close up images of the VP’s wife from her joint appearance with first lady Melania Trump have fans in a frenzy and running wild with theories. Many speculate that Usha and Vance were headed for divorce following the embarrassment of the world watching your husband intimately embrace another woman while you sit in the audience.
And her latest stunt has people convinced the two are preparing divorce documents behind the scenes.
‘She Should Be Ashamed’: Erika Kirk Says She’s Being Targeted After Viral Hug with JD Vance but Social Media Says She Knew What She Was Doing
Usha appeared without her wedding ring during a Nov. 19 visit to a military training camp in Jacksonville, N.C. After the images went viral and fueled rumors that she’s gearing up for an exit, her team rushed out a statement to calm the damage.
In a statement to People, a spokesperson explained that Usha wasn’t wearing her ring simply because she’s “a mother of three young children who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths, and sometimes forgets to put her ring back on.”
Love is in air (within just 1 mth of husband's death) 💕“No one will ever replace Charlie….but I do see some similarities of my husband in JD…Vice President JD Vance” ~Says Erika Kirk, widow of Charlie Kirk. These words seem out of place…much like her leather pants. pic.twitter.com/wUFprhsBBL
But her reasoning did nothing to shut down rumors that she was planning to divorce JD because “She’s too good for him” or that his viral moment with Kirk had anything to do with it.
“Maybe JD will be Erika’s replacement for Charlie Jerk? What a wonderful blessing for Usha!” said one person,
While another wrote, “She is just as tired of his mess as we are.”
A third said, “She should have dumped his couch hide years ago. No secret he is carrying on with Kirk’s widow & not so sure she didn’t have something to do with his demise.”
Before the election, we didn't really get a chance to know Usha Vance beyond what we saw in the news and those quick campaign appearances. But then we came across that one raw, heartbreaking photo of her pulling Erika Kirk into a tight hug on the tarmac, right after the… pic.twitter.com/mM1XYYyGbg
One disbeliever wrote, “I’m not buying that she just forgot to put her ring on. She got fully dressed up and put earrings on but somehow didn’t notice that she didn’t have her wedding ring on?”
Yet plenty of viewers insisted she looked more refreshed and rejuvenated than she ever did standing next to JD.
“She looks so much happier without her ring on. She looks prettier too. Her hair is different she’s wearing makeup. We see you! She’s even smiling!”
In recent weeks, their marriage has come under scrutiny as eagle-eyed critics have noted JD’s fondness for Erika Kirk, widow of Charlie Kirk.
The former pageant beauty and the vice president raised eyebrows when they shared a cozy embrace. The semi-PDA moment happened as the widow of Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk greeted Sen. JD Vance. Photos from the Oct. 29 event at the University of Mississippi — where Erika spoke on behalf of her late husband’s organization — quickly sent social media into overdrive. The images showed the two standing closely, sharing what many online felt looked a little too warm for comfort, and the internet wasted no time spiraling.
The second-in-command is not the only man in the Oval Office ogling the blonde; so is Trump. The president awkwardly summoned her to his side and planted a kiss on her cheek during the Nov. 10 swearing-in ceremony for Sergio Gor, ambassador to India.
‼️🇺🇸: Erika Kirk is spending more time in DC than Charlie did.Trump called her over for a kiss while he's doing an ambassador swearing-in ceremony.Why is she there so much? 🤔pic.twitter.com/vOBLOSEwu2
Erika has been widowed for two months following the untimely passing of Kirk. The couple shared two kids.
Entertainment ‘The Swelling Is Turning His Shoes Over’: Trump’s ‘Strangely Shaped’ Footwear Has Fans Zooming In On a Disturbing New Bulge CommentsComments (0)
‘The Swelling Is Turning His Shoes Over’: Trump’s ‘Strangely Shaped’ Footwear Has Fans Zooming In On a Disturbing New Bulge
News ‘They’ll Defend Anything!’: Trump’s Visible Decline Fuels Alarming Questions About His Age — Then Laura Ingraham Drops an Excuse So Absurd It Blows Up the Internet CommentsComments (0)
‘They’ll Defend Anything!’: Trump’s Visible Decline Fuels Alarming Questions About His Age — Then Laura Ingraham Drops an Excuse So Absurd It Blows Up the Internet
Entertainment ‘Pathetic’: Democrats Drop Brutal Pic of Melania Trump’s Team Hoped You’d Forgotten as Fans Zoom Past the Decorations to Zero In on Her Shocking Tape CommentsComments (0)
‘Pathetic’: Democrats Drop Brutal Pic of Melania Trump’s Team Hoped You’d Forgotten as Fans Zoom Past the Decorations to Zero In on Her Shocking Tape


--- SOURCE: https://newstoday21.com/harry/erika-kirk-breaks-silence-on-jd-vance-usha-divorce-rumors-a-political-firestorm-fueled-by-grief-faith-and-viral-hugs/ ---
News AllPoliticsTravel News OMG! Adolescence Just Did Something Stranger Things 3 and Bridgerton 2 WILL Never Do Travel Take a Deep Dive into the Alternate Lifestyle of Paris, France, with Kelly Laurence Travel What Happens when you Lose Yourself in an Unknown, Foreign Country? Advice and Tips Travel Hitchhiking from one Side of the Country to the Other while on a Tight Schedule
AllPoliticsTravel News OMG! Adolescence Just Did Something Stranger Things 3 and Bridgerton 2 WILL Never Do Travel Take a Deep Dive into the Alternate Lifestyle of Paris, France, with Kelly Laurence Travel What Happens when you Lose Yourself in an Unknown, Foreign Country? Advice and Tips Travel Hitchhiking from one Side of the Country to the Other while on a Tight Schedule
OMG! Adolescence Just Did Something Stranger Things 3 and Bridgerton 2 WILL Never Do
Take a Deep Dive into the Alternate Lifestyle of Paris, France, with Kelly Laurence
What Happens when you Lose Yourself in an Unknown, Foreign Country? Advice and Tips
Hitchhiking from one Side of the Country to the Other while on a Tight Schedule
Style Style Red is the Color of Confidence and Motivation Says Emilia Blank in Vogue Magazine Style Admittedly This is a Trend We Never Thought Would Make a Comeback from the Early 90s Style How Danielle Monchette Saved a Corgi Puppy From the Mountainous Regions in China Style Adventuring into an Unknown City with Claire Pascale to Showcase the Latest Fashions
Style Red is the Color of Confidence and Motivation Says Emilia Blank in Vogue Magazine Style Admittedly This is a Trend We Never Thought Would Make a Comeback from the Early 90s Style How Danielle Monchette Saved a Corgi Puppy From the Mountainous Regions in China Style Adventuring into an Unknown City with Claire Pascale to Showcase the Latest Fashions
Red is the Color of Confidence and Motivation Says Emilia Blank in Vogue Magazine
Admittedly This is a Trend We Never Thought Would Make a Comeback from the Early 90s
How Danielle Monchette Saved a Corgi Puppy From the Mountainous Regions in China
Adventuring into an Unknown City with Claire Pascale to Showcase the Latest Fashions
Tech Tech The Newest Gadgets to Make Waves in the Digital Marketplace of Quarter 3 of 2021 Tech Modern Problems Require Modern Solutions: IT Companies Making Revolutionary Changes Tech Self-Closing, Self-Driving – Here is the Newest Smart Car that Can Take you Anywhere Tech Combating Stock Market Problems By Going to the Direct Source and Providing New Jobs
Tech The Newest Gadgets to Make Waves in the Digital Marketplace of Quarter 3 of 2021 Tech Modern Problems Require Modern Solutions: IT Companies Making Revolutionary Changes Tech Self-Closing, Self-Driving – Here is the Newest Smart Car that Can Take you Anywhere Tech Combating Stock Market Problems By Going to the Direct Source and Providing New Jobs
The Newest Gadgets to Make Waves in the Digital Marketplace of Quarter 3 of 2021
Modern Problems Require Modern Solutions: IT Companies Making Revolutionary Changes
Self-Closing, Self-Driving – Here is the Newest Smart Car that Can Take you Anywhere
Combating Stock Market Problems By Going to the Direct Source and Providing New Jobs
Uncategorized FacebookTwitterPinterestWhatsApp 🚨 SHOCKING EXCLUSIVE: Charlie Kirk’s Widow Erika Kirk Finally Spills the Tea on Those Wild JD Vance Divorce Rumors – You Won’t Believe What She Said About Usha! 😱 Picture this: A tearful hug on stage that lit the internet on FIRE. Fingers in hair? Hands on waists? Whispers of a “Christian First Lady” swap? As JD eyes 2028, is his Hindu powerhouse wife Usha getting sidelined for Erika’s “striking similarities” to her late husband? Erika’s breaking her silence in a raw, emotional tell-all that exposes the heartbreak, the faith clashes, and the MAGA whispers tearing families apart. Is this the end of an era… or the start of a political bombshell? Click the link to read her unfiltered words – trust me, this will leave you questioning EVERYTHING. 👇 In the high-stakes world of American conservatism, where personal lives often collide with presidential ambitions, Vice President J.D. Vance finds himself at the center of a maelstrom of speculation. Photos of an emotional embrace between Vance and Erika Kirk, the 31-year-old widow of slain Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, have ignited a firestorm of divorce rumors involving Vance’s wife of nearly 12 years, Usha Chilukuri Vance. Now, in an exclusive interview with Grok News, Kirk is speaking out for the first time, dismissing the gossip as “cruel and baseless” while revealing the raw grief that binds her to the Vance family. But as whispers of a 2028 White House run grow louder, the controversy exposes deeper rifts in the MAGA movement—over faith, family, and the optics of power. The saga unfolded on October 29, 2025, at the University of Mississippi’s Ole Miss Pavilion, during a Turning Point USA (TPUSA) event honoring the legacy of Charlie Kirk. Kirk, a prominent conservative activist and Trump ally, was assassinated in a shocking attack earlier that year, leaving behind Erika and their two young children. The event, attended by thousands of students and conservative influencers, was meant to rally the next generation around Kirk’s vision of unapologetic patriotism and Christian values. Instead, it became a viral lightning rod. Erika Kirk, now CEO of TPUSA, took the stage to introduce Vance, the Ohio senator turned vice president whose rapid rise has positioned him as a frontrunner for the 2028 Republican nomination. In a moment heavy with emotion, Kirk praised Vance’s leadership, saying, “No one will ever replace my husband, but I do see some similarities of my husband in JD—in Vice President JD Vance.” As Vance approached, the two shared a hug that cameras captured in excruciating detail: Kirk’s fingers lightly threading through Vance’s hair, his hands resting briefly on her waist. What some described as a comforting gesture amid shared loss quickly morphed into tabloid fodder online. Social media exploded. A post on X (formerly Twitter) declaring, “JD Vance will divorce his Indian wife, marry Erika Kirk, and run in 2028 with a white Christian woman by his side,” racked up over 1.2 million views within hours. Transgender activist Ari Drennen quipped, “He is going to be the first Vice President to get divorced while in office,” while New York Times bestselling author Shannon Watts predicted outright, “Vance announces divorce, marries Charlie Kirk’s widow by the end of 2026.” Her tweet alone garnered 9 million impressions, amplifying the narrative from meme pages to mainstream outlets like India Today and Hindustan Times. The hug wasn’t the only spark. During a Q&A session, an audience member pressed Vance on his interfaith marriage to Usha, a Yale Law School graduate and daughter of Indian immigrants raised in the Hindu tradition. Vance, a Catholic convert since 2019, responded candidly: “I hope that my wife feels the same about me. We will keep on serving the country together.” But he added a personal note that stunned the room: He hoped Usha would one day embrace Christianity, though he respected her free will, saying, “If she doesn’t, then God says everybody has free will. And so that doesn’t cause a problem for me.” The Vances, who met as undergraduates at Ohio State in 2001, have raised their three children—Ewan, Vivek, and Mirabel—in the Catholic faith, with Usha often attending Mass despite her Hindu upbringing. Vance’s remarks, intended as a testament to marital harmony, instead fueled accusations of a “religious rift.” Hindu advocacy groups, including the Hindu American Foundation, condemned the comments as dismissive of Usha’s heritage, arguing they played into far-right narratives of Christian supremacy. Online, the backlash was swift and partisan. MAGA hardliners, already skeptical of Vance’s interracial marriage, piled on with posts like, “Pack it up, Usha! The claws in the hair, that’s crazy!”—referring to Kirk’s gesture during the hug. One X user, with over 8,700 likes, predicted, “Vance is going to leave Usha for Erika Kirk—you saw it here first.” In her first public response since the event, Erika Kirk sat down with Grok News at TPUSA’s Phoenix headquarters on November 10. Dressed in a simple black blouse—a nod to her ongoing mourning—she spoke with a mix of defiance and vulnerability. “This is grotesque,” Kirk said, her voice steady but eyes welling. “Charlie was my rock, my partner in every fight. No one replaces that. JD and Usha have been my rocks since the day it happened. Usha held me when I couldn’t breathe, helped me tell my babies their daddy was gone. To twist that into some soap opera? It’s cruel to all of us—especially the kids.” Kirk detailed the immediate aftermath of Charlie’s assassination in July 2025, a brazen shooting outside a Trump rally in Arizona that authorities linked to a lone-wolf domestic terrorist with anti-conservative motives. “The Vances flew in that night,” she recalled. “Usha didn’t let go of my hand for hours. JD prayed with us, not for show—for real. That hug at Ole Miss? It was grief meeting grief. I saw Charlie in him that night—the fire, the unyielding faith. But it’s not romantic. It’s family.” The rumors, Kirk argued, stem from a toxic blend of misogyny and political opportunism. As a young widow thrust into TPUSA’s leadership role, she’s faced scrutiny for her poise and proximity to power. “People see a woman grieving and leading, and they sexualize it,” she said. “Or worse, they weaponize it against JD because they can’t stomach a Hindu second lady in a Christian movement.” Kirk dismissed marriage speculation outright: “I’m not dating anyone. My heart’s with Charlie and my boys. JD’s like a brother—end of story.” Vance himself has pushed back forcefully. In a statement posted to X on November 1, he called the detractors “disgusting,” adding, “Usha is the best person I know. Period. She has no plans to convert, and that’s fine. I’ll continue to love and support her because she’s my wife.” At a Marine Corps Ball on November 8, Vance and Usha appeared arm-in-arm, sharing laughs and dances that tabloids hailed as a “show of unity.” Sources close to the couple tell Grok News their marriage remains solid, bolstered by years of navigating public life—from Vance’s “Hillbilly Elegy” fame to the 2024 campaign trail. Yet the episode reveals fault lines in the Republican base. Vance’s Catholicism and interfaith union have long irked white nationalists within MAGA circles, who view Usha—a brilliant litigator who clerked for Chief Justice John Roberts—as a symbol of “globalist” dilution. Polling from the American Enterprise Institute shows evangelical voters prioritize “Christian values” in leadership, with 62% saying a president’s spouse should share their faith. As one anonymous GOP strategist put it, “2028 is a purity test. Usha’s a liability for the base, even if she’s an asset for moderates.” Kirk, a lifelong conservative from a devout Christian family in Arizona, sees the attacks as an assault on women in the movement. “Charlie built TPUSA to empower young conservatives, not tear down widows,” she said. “This isn’t about me or Usha—it’s about bullies hiding behind keyboards, projecting their hate.” She’s since ramped up security for her family, citing doxxing threats from online trolls. Usha Vance, known for her low-profile grace, has stayed mum publicly, focusing on her role as second lady. Insiders describe her as “unshakable,” crediting her immigrant parents’ emphasis on resilience. A family friend told Grok News, “Usha’s the one who keeps JD grounded. These rumors? They’re noise. She’s seen worse in law school debates.” The divorce chatter has even spawned fakes: A fabricated quote attributed to Vance confirming a split circulated widely before Snopes debunked it on November 7. Another hoax claimed Usha had “released emails” proving an affair, which Kirk called “vicious lies” designed to discredit TPUSA. As the dust settles, the incident underscores the perils of social media in politics. What began as a heartfelt tribute has morphed into a cautionary tale of how grief can be ghoulishly commodified. For Kirk, it’s a call to action: “Charlie would say fight back with truth. So here it is: Leave the widows alone. Let families heal.” Vance, meanwhile, is doubling down on his vision for America. In a recent Fox News interview, he joked about the rumors: “If hugging a friend in grief makes me presidential material, sign me up.” But beneath the levity lies a stark reality: In the arena of ambition, even a simple embrace can unravel empires. For Erika Kirk, the silence is broken, but the healing is just beginning. As she honors her husband’s legacy, one thing is clear: The conservative movement’s next chapter won’t be written in whispers, but in the unyielding pursuit of principle amid the chaos.
🚨 SHOCKING EXCLUSIVE: Charlie Kirk’s Widow Erika Kirk Finally Spills the Tea on Those Wild JD Vance Divorce Rumors – You Won’t Believe What She Said About Usha! 😱
Picture this: A tearful hug on stage that lit the internet on FIRE. Fingers in hair? Hands on waists? Whispers of a “Christian First Lady” swap? As JD eyes 2028, is his Hindu powerhouse wife Usha getting sidelined for Erika’s “striking similarities” to her late husband? Erika’s breaking her silence in a raw, emotional tell-all that exposes the heartbreak, the faith clashes, and the MAGA whispers tearing families apart. Is this the end of an era… or the start of a political bombshell?
Click the link to read her unfiltered words – trust me, this will leave you questioning EVERYTHING. 👇
In the high-stakes world of American conservatism, where personal lives often collide with presidential ambitions, Vice President J.D. Vance finds himself at the center of a maelstrom of speculation. Photos of an emotional embrace between Vance and Erika Kirk, the 31-year-old widow of slain Turning Point USA founder Charlie Kirk, have ignited a firestorm of divorce rumors involving Vance’s wife of nearly 12 years, Usha Chilukuri Vance. Now, in an exclusive interview with Grok News, Kirk is speaking out for the first time, dismissing the gossip as “cruel and baseless” while revealing the raw grief that binds her to the Vance family. But as whispers of a 2028 White House run grow louder, the controversy exposes deeper rifts in the MAGA movement—over faith, family, and the optics of power.
The saga unfolded on October 29, 2025, at the University of Mississippi’s Ole Miss Pavilion, during a Turning Point USA (TPUSA) event honoring the legacy of Charlie Kirk. Kirk, a prominent conservative activist and Trump ally, was assassinated in a shocking attack earlier that year, leaving behind Erika and their two young children. The event, attended by thousands of students and conservative influencers, was meant to rally the next generation around Kirk’s vision of unapologetic patriotism and Christian values. Instead, it became a viral lightning rod.
Erika Kirk, now CEO of TPUSA, took the stage to introduce Vance, the Ohio senator turned vice president whose rapid rise has positioned him as a frontrunner for the 2028 Republican nomination. In a moment heavy with emotion, Kirk praised Vance’s leadership, saying, “No one will ever replace my husband, but I do see some similarities of my husband in JD—in Vice President JD Vance.” As Vance approached, the two shared a hug that cameras captured in excruciating detail: Kirk’s fingers lightly threading through Vance’s hair, his hands resting briefly on her waist. What some described as a comforting gesture amid shared loss quickly morphed into tabloid fodder online.
Social media exploded. A post on X (formerly Twitter) declaring, “JD Vance will divorce his Indian wife, marry Erika Kirk, and run in 2028 with a white Christian woman by his side,” racked up over 1.2 million views within hours. Transgender activist Ari Drennen quipped, “He is going to be the first Vice President to get divorced while in office,” while New York Times bestselling author Shannon Watts predicted outright, “Vance announces divorce, marries Charlie Kirk’s widow by the end of 2026.” Her tweet alone garnered 9 million impressions, amplifying the narrative from meme pages to mainstream outlets like India Today and Hindustan Times.
The hug wasn’t the only spark. During a Q&A session, an audience member pressed Vance on his interfaith marriage to Usha, a Yale Law School graduate and daughter of Indian immigrants raised in the Hindu tradition. Vance, a Catholic convert since 2019, responded candidly: “I hope that my wife feels the same about me. We will keep on serving the country together.” But he added a personal note that stunned the room: He hoped Usha would one day embrace Christianity, though he respected her free will, saying, “If she doesn’t, then God says everybody has free will. And so that doesn’t cause a problem for me.” The Vances, who met as undergraduates at Ohio State in 2001, have raised their three children—Ewan, Vivek, and Mirabel—in the Catholic faith, with Usha often attending Mass despite her Hindu upbringing.
Vance’s remarks, intended as a testament to marital harmony, instead fueled accusations of a “religious rift.” Hindu advocacy groups, including the Hindu American Foundation, condemned the comments as dismissive of Usha’s heritage, arguing they played into far-right narratives of Christian supremacy. Online, the backlash was swift and partisan. MAGA hardliners, already skeptical of Vance’s interracial marriage, piled on with posts like, “Pack it up, Usha! The claws in the hair, that’s crazy!”—referring to Kirk’s gesture during the hug. One X user, with over 8,700 likes, predicted, “Vance is going to leave Usha for Erika Kirk—you saw it here first.”
In her first public response since the event, Erika Kirk sat down with Grok News at TPUSA’s Phoenix headquarters on November 10. Dressed in a simple black blouse—a nod to her ongoing mourning—she spoke with a mix of defiance and vulnerability. “This is grotesque,” Kirk said, her voice steady but eyes welling. “Charlie was my rock, my partner in every fight. No one replaces that. JD and Usha have been my rocks since the day it happened. Usha held me when I couldn’t breathe, helped me tell my babies their daddy was gone. To twist that into some soap opera? It’s cruel to all of us—especially the kids.”
Kirk detailed the immediate aftermath of Charlie’s assassination in July 2025, a brazen shooting outside a Trump rally in Arizona that authorities linked to a lone-wolf domestic terrorist with anti-conservative motives. “The Vances flew in that night,” she recalled. “Usha didn’t let go of my hand for hours. JD prayed with us, not for show—for real. That hug at Ole Miss? It was grief meeting grief. I saw Charlie in him that night—the fire, the unyielding faith. But it’s not romantic. It’s family.”
The rumors, Kirk argued, stem from a toxic blend of misogyny and political opportunism. As a young widow thrust into TPUSA’s leadership role, she’s faced scrutiny for her poise and proximity to power. “People see a woman grieving and leading, and they sexualize it,” she said. “Or worse, they weaponize it against JD because they can’t stomach a Hindu second lady in a Christian movement.” Kirk dismissed marriage speculation outright: “I’m not dating anyone. My heart’s with Charlie and my boys. JD’s like a brother—end of story.”
Vance himself has pushed back forcefully. In a statement posted to X on November 1, he called the detractors “disgusting,” adding, “Usha is the best person I know. Period. She has no plans to convert, and that’s fine. I’ll continue to love and support her because she’s my wife.” At a Marine Corps Ball on November 8, Vance and Usha appeared arm-in-arm, sharing laughs and dances that tabloids hailed as a “show of unity.” Sources close to the couple tell Grok News their marriage remains solid, bolstered by years of navigating public life—from Vance’s “Hillbilly Elegy” fame to the 2024 campaign trail.
Yet the episode reveals fault lines in the Republican base. Vance’s Catholicism and interfaith union have long irked white nationalists within MAGA circles, who view Usha—a brilliant litigator who clerked for Chief Justice John Roberts—as a symbol of “globalist” dilution. Polling from the American Enterprise Institute shows evangelical voters prioritize “Christian values” in leadership, with 62% saying a president’s spouse should share their faith. As one anonymous GOP strategist put it, “2028 is a purity test. Usha’s a liability for the base, even if she’s an asset for moderates.”
Kirk, a lifelong conservative from a devout Christian family in Arizona, sees the attacks as an assault on women in the movement. “Charlie built TPUSA to empower young conservatives, not tear down widows,” she said. “This isn’t about me or Usha—it’s about bullies hiding behind keyboards, projecting their hate.” She’s since ramped up security for her family, citing doxxing threats from online trolls.
Usha Vance, known for her low-profile grace, has stayed mum publicly, focusing on her role as second lady. Insiders describe her as “unshakable,” crediting her immigrant parents’ emphasis on resilience. A family friend told Grok News, “Usha’s the one who keeps JD grounded. These rumors? They’re noise. She’s seen worse in law school debates.”
The divorce chatter has even spawned fakes: A fabricated quote attributed to Vance confirming a split circulated widely before Snopes debunked it on November 7. Another hoax claimed Usha had “released emails” proving an affair, which Kirk called “vicious lies” designed to discredit TPUSA.
As the dust settles, the incident underscores the perils of social media in politics. What began as a heartfelt tribute has morphed into a cautionary tale of how grief can be ghoulishly commodified. For Kirk, it’s a call to action: “Charlie would say fight back with truth. So here it is: Leave the widows alone. Let families heal.”
Vance, meanwhile, is doubling down on his vision for America. In a recent Fox News interview, he joked about the rumors: “If hugging a friend in grief makes me presidential material, sign me up.” But beneath the levity lies a stark reality: In the arena of ambition, even a simple embrace can unravel empires.
For Erika Kirk, the silence is broken, but the healing is just beginning. As she honors her husband’s legacy, one thing is clear: The conservative movement’s next chapter won’t be written in whispers, but in the unyielding pursuit of principle amid the chaos.
Copyright © tagDiv. Created using the News Today21.


--- SOURCE: https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/global-trends/us-news-erika-kirk-jd-vance-vance-announces-divorce-marries-charlie-kirks-widow-by-end-of-2026-nyt-authors-chilling-prediction-amid-hug-row-goes-viral/articleshow/125008852.cms ---
The Economic Times daily newspaper is available online now.
'Vance announces divorce, marries Charlie Kirk’s widow by end of 2026': NYT author's chilling prediction amid hug row goes viral
US Vice President JD Vance is facing backlash. He expressed a wish for his Hindu wife to embrace Christianity. Photographs of him hugging Charlie Kirk's widow, Erika Kirk, have also surfaced. This has sparked divorce speculations. Vance has clarified his wife has no plans to convert. The events are currently unfolding.
Listen to this article in summarized formatLoading...×× Subscribe to Unlock AI Briefing and Premium ContentSubscribe NowWhat's IncludedExclusive StoriesDaily ePaper AccessSmart Market ToolsCurated Investment IdeasAd-lite Experience SubscriptionVideos and photos showing Vance sharing a hug with Charlie Kirk's widow Erika have been going viral on social media platforms.US Vice President JD Vance has come under intense criticism after he expressed his wish that his Hindu wife Usha Vance who, according to JD is not a very religious person, embrace Christianity. Amid this intense backlash, photographs showing him sharing a hug with Erika Kirk, Charlie Kirk's widow, has added fuel to the wildfire. Vice President JD Vance was the guest of honor at a Turning Point USA event at the University of Mississippi on Wednesday, October 29. At the event, Erika Kirk and Vance were seen exchanging a close hug at the event with pictures of the moment going viral online."No one will ever replace my husband," she told the crowd. "But I do see some similarities of my husband in JD— in Vice President JD Vance. I do. And that's why I am so blessed to be able to introduce him tonight." As JD Vance came on the stage, he and Erika Kirk embraced in an intimate manner. People on X were quick to point out how the hug between them gave an "impression of intimacy", with Erika placing her hands on Vance's head.ALSO READ: JD Vance becomes his own meme on Halloween: US Vice-President's hilarious costume breaks the internet. Watch videoJD Vance will divorce Usha?Videos and photos showing Vance sharing a hug with Charlie Kirk's widow Erika have been going viral on social media platforms. Erika's introduction of Vance has also drawn attention. This has led to divorce speculations and amid this New York Times author Shannon Watts has made a chilling claim about the two. Live EventsTaking to X, she claimed that Vance would announce divorce and marry Erika by the end of next year. “Vance announces divorce, marries Charlie Kirk’s widow by the end of 2026,” Watts wrote in reply to photos of the two hugging. Her post has received more than 8.8 million views at the time of writing.— shannonrwatts (@shannonrwatts) The buzz of divorce came as Vance said at the TPUSA event that he ‘hoped’ his wife, Usha would embrace Christianity. Many expect Vance to throw his hat in the ring for the 2028 presidential election race, as the MAGA candidate. Some have opined that Usha being a Hindu might be a hurdle in that case.ALSO READ: D4vd Tesla case sees chilling twist: Private investigator reveals who was driving the car after teen found dead and what was found from singer's LA homeJD Vance defends his commentVance faced massive criticism after he said that he ‘hoped’ his Hindu wife, Usha, would embrace Christianity. Vance has now clarified in a post on X that she has 'no plans to convert’. Speculations about the divorce of Usha and JD gained traction because of the difference in their religion. However, Vance clarified that nothing like that is happening. Vance chose to comment on a post that criticized how JD Vance threw his wife's religion, Hinduism, under the bus, "for a moment's acceptance by groypers"."What a disgusting comment, and it's hardly been the only one along these lines," Vance said. "First off, the question was from a person seemingly to my left, about my interfaith marriage. I'm a public figure, and people are curious, and I wasn't going to avoid the question," the Vice President said.ALSO READ: The mystery of '67': Why Dictionary.com chose a number instead of a word and why is everyone talking about it Add as a Reliable and Trusted News Source Add Now! (You can now subscribe to our Economic Times WhatsApp channel)Read More News onerika kirk jd vanceJD Vance divorceErika KirkUsha Vance Christianityerika kirk jd vance hugjd vance divorce usha vanceerika kirk jd vance relationshiperika kirk jd vance viral hugjd vanceerika kirk news
Listen to this article in summarized format
Uh-oh! This is an exclusive story available for selected readers only.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account and log in again using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits.
Unlock ETPrime's Exclusive Stories Today!
Subscribe to gain powerful insights on business, stock market and industry trends.
Unlock full access to premium insights with ETPrime.
Subscribe to enjoy member-only articles, smart market tools and a seamless ePaper experience.
Log in to read this exclusive ETPrime story.
Access member-only articles, smart market tools and ePaper for free.


--- SOURCE: https://www.msn.com/en-us/family-and-relationships/marriage/jd-and-usha-vance-s-marriage-is-on-everyone-s-lips-after-erika-kirk-photo-blows-up-internet/ar-AA1PzRZb ---


